He is an amazing surgeon.
My shoulder never felt better.
He was very good at explaining my situation in 'layman' terms.
I was relieved he took the time to explain everything to me before and after the surgery.
His office is busy and hence he falls behind but I don't mind having to wait for the best shoulder surgeon in probably all of Canada (at least).
So I took the chance and travel to see him.
He's definitely busy, but I had a really amazing discussion with him about my problem and I felt like I knew what was going on after and what the plan was.
Everything so far is healing according to plan and I couldnt ask for better care from a doctor - I've seen it all after so many years in our healthcare system.
He never talks down to me, never rushes through an appointment and between him and Andrea, I feel really taken care of.
Definitely pick this doctor if you have a shoulder problem.
He is the top shoulder surgeon in Canada.
I was sent to see him from my surgeon in Calgary to have an operation done on my shoulder.
I could not eat or dress.
After my successful surgery, I can eat and do my hair.
I love him.
I was referred to Dr Athwal from my shoulder surgeon in Ottawa.
Very happy with my care.
My shoulder replacement is doing great.
There is a reason he is tops in Canada.
I was not disappointed.
You will find his office busy, his assistant Andrea is great.
All in all, A plus service.
Awesome Doctor.
I was referred to him from another expert shoulder surgeon to piece back together my shattered fractured and broken shoulder joint.
He spent all night putting it back together.
I feel lucky.
Dr Athwal is friendly and professional.
It has been over a year since Dr Athwal, it went really well.
I went to see him after a physiotherapist friend of mine said he was one of the top shoulder surgeons in canada.
She had seen him operate and said he was the best.
He did my surgery and my shoulder feels great.
I guess I am reassured that my friend had seen him do surgery before.
I have nothing bad to say although the waits in his office are long.
Lots of people in the waiting room from all over, last time there was a guy that came from Texas to see him.
Great Doctor.
Fixed my elbow, did a Tommy John operation.
My pitching is back to normal.
Your the best.
very very knowledgeable, made my difficult problem easy to understand.
Explained and showed me my x-rays and MRI.
hands done the best shoulder doc in canada - pun intended.
Even though i am still working towards my shoulder, Dr Athwal is not giving up on my challenges.
I feel like a person to him; someone who is invested in my treatment.
AMAZING if you can get into see him.
I had a useless arm after 3 failed surgeries, i was then referred to Dr Athwal.
My surgeon told me his is the best in Canada to do my surgery.
The result of my redo surgery has been great.
My arm finally works.
I am so happy to have met him.
I love his sense of humour.
He is the BEST.
Extremely happy with my care.
My home surgeon said Dr Athwal was the only one that could do my surgery.
My recovery was expedited.
My shoulder is finally normal.
I am exceptionally happy with the care and treatment that I have received.
The nurses are exceptional.
The physiotherapist that have treated me are top-notch, energetic, caring and thorough.
Dr Athwal, as the team leader, is superb.
My arm is doing great.
I progressed through the healing phase and rehabilitation phase very quickly.
My incision healed without a scar and my arm is doing great.
Dr Athwal is the best surgeon in Canada.
He is ranked top 25 in North America.
I am so happy my surgeon referred me to him.
I had my shoulder replaced in Toronto.
About 6 months later, it started dislocating and coming out of joint with excrutiating pain.
It dislocated about a dozen times.
I had 2 surgeries in Toronto that both failed.
Finally, I was referred to dr Athwal.
He operated on me and my shoulder is amazing.
It is almost normal.
I feel 20 years younger.
I am so happy dr Athwal fixed my shoulder.
I was living in constant fear of a dislocation, now I'm back to my normal life.
I waited 3 hours (had been told by staff Dr was seeing 155 patients on this day and was sitting beside a man scheduled for the exact time as my appointment) The Dr was abrupt, recognizing my problem and not offering any alternate solution and actually left the room without so much as a good bye.
I was told by him the success rate in the type of surgery I needed was not good so he would not perform it.
In my opinion going into the appointment he knew he wouldn't perform so feel incredibly taken advantage of.
My family Dr immediately sent for a second opinion and that surgeon quickly sent back saying he does not perform this surgery which to me is what Dr Athwal should have done.
I walked out of his office feeling discouraged, and disrespected.
Dr Athwal completely put my shoulder back together.
It was partially amputated in a car accident and operated on by an inexperienced surgeon.
 It completely fell apart.
 My arm was useless.
 I did my own research, found out Dr Athwal was the best at redo surgery.
 He operated on me, and my shoulder is near new.
No pain, and almost full function.
The waits in his office are super long, but I would wait all day for the best.
I have full confidence in him and his team.
Andrea, Kim and Cheryl his nurses are also amazing.
I told him I did not want any residents present during surgery.
He agreed.
According to the surgery report there were two residents present.
I am very happy with my treatment from Dr Athwal.
I find him very caring.
I have never felt rushed in his busy clinics.
He has operated on both of my arms, and they are both back to normal.
He is absolutely wonderful.
He is now scheduled to operate on my husband.
Also, a sign of a great doctor, is that all his students love him too.
Had a shoulder reversal with excellent results - no more pain and I am getting my mobility back due to exercises provided by physio under the supervision of Dr Athwal.
Since my surgery on my left shoulder has been so successful I am on a waiting list to have my right shoulder repaired next year.
Dr Athwal is absolutely great.
 He is world renowned and the best in Canada.
 I drive from Toronto and have been seeing him for over 4 years for a severe acute problem with my arm.
 I have seen him dozens of times and he has done 2 surgeries on me.
 I am very very happy and my arm final works.
 Because he is so famous, there are always visiting student surgeons.
 I have met surgeons from Italy, Germany and Britain.
 To the patient below, you can't have it both ways, wanting a top notch surgeon, but then not having any students around.
 After all, they want to be trained by the best.
 Lighten up.
Dr Athwal is a fabulous surgeon.
I live in Dubai and fly in to see him once a year.
He diagnosed me with acute shoulder arthritis after a fracture that occurred over 30 years ago.
He did a special minimally invasive shoulder replacement on me.
My shoulder is like new, 100% perfect.
I'm extremely satisfied with the care I received at his hospital, the nurses, staff and assistant doctors are always friendly and caring.
Dr Athwal, you are the best, thank you.
Thanks to Dr Athwal, I have the use of my arm.
He performed a shoulder replacement 9 years ago, and I have extremely good range of motion and virtually no pain in my shoulder.
He really is fantastic.
takes the time to explain thoroughly and in a way that you can understand.
Total reverse shoulder replacement excellent operation can almost do what I was doing before.
Excellent doctor, very happy with my care.
My shoulders are doing very well.
Almost back to normal.
Andrea, his secretary, is also a saint.
I know he is good, because my family doctor chose him as his surgeon.
I work at St Joseph's Hospital.
I chose Dr Athwal to look after my son, because I truly believe he is the best.
I have seen the results of his surgeries.
I also asked some collegues that have seen him operate, and they all agreed, that he is an excellent surgeon.
I am very satisfied with the care that we have received.
My son is doing great, back to sports.
He had a minimally invasive surgery done with an excellent outcome.
Andrea, his assistant, is excellent.
We concur, he is tops in Canada.
My orthopedic surgeon in Toronto referred me to him because she said that if anyone in Canada could do my surgery, it would be Dr Athwal.
The waits are long, but I completely believe in him and have faith in his techniques and judgement.
 So far so good, I would call my surgery a success.
I can get my arm up in the air without pain.
I can hold my grandchild and throw a ball.
A top 30 rated shoulder surgeon in North America and he walks the walk.
After some severe complications caused by another surgeon, he cleaned up the mess and took the time during surgery to find the cause of my pain and fix it.
He's also one of the nicest and most knowledgeable people you'll ever meet and his assistant is great at getting you in when you need to.
I was also sent to see Dr Athwal from Toronto to have a special type of rotary cuff surgery done through a scope.
I was told by my surgeon, that he is the best in Ontario at doing this particular shoulder operation through the scope.
I had no problems; he was extremely helpful and thorough, and answering all of my questions.
I'm doing excellent the operation was a success.
My shoulder is great and my golf swing is fabulous.
One caution, his surgical wait list is very long.
the best in Canada; he is excellent.
 my shoulder is back to normal.
Dr athwal is wonderful.
My experience with my shoulder has been amazing.
Him and his nurse Andrea are very pleasant and professional.
I would trust my surgery to him again 100percent.
He has a wonderful knowledge and his bedside manner makes you feel like you have known him forever.
I am so grateful I have no pain and full functionality.
Dr Athwal repaired my right shoulder 8 years ago & did an amazing job.
Just recently he totally rebuilt my left shoulder.
I'm almost 50 years old & from the excellent work that he performed, my shoulders will be the least of my worries.
Thank You for the phenomenal work.
I've been his patient for approximately 10 years.
He has operated on both my shoulders and also my elbow.
I can now do all the things I want to do.
Personally, I think he is the best surgeon in Canada for arm joints, shoulders and elbows.
Whenever I see him, he has visiting surgeons from around the world learning from him.
Surgeons from USA, Germany, Spain, Brazil, and so many more that I can't remember.
and they all tell me he is one of the best in the world, that's why the want to learn from him.
 Dr Athwal, keep up the great work and I hope you never move.
Also, his secretary Andrea is a gem.
His secretary is nice.
He's been on time for 2/3 appointments.
 But as for his people skills they are sorely lacking.
 I found him unhelpful and frustrating to deal with.
He may be one of the best surgeons in his field,  but as a potential patient I don't trust him.
If I wasn't desperate, I would find someone else.
 But the process of getting a referral and being seen is ridiculously long, so I'm stuck with him for now.
Was very matter a fact and to the point.
Was very helpfull.
Dr Athwal is the best.
Had reverse shoulder surgery on my arm March 2018.
Just had my left shoulder done reverse shoulder surgery October 2019.
I am 73 first time in 30 plus year not in pain.
You are great.
had a reverse shoulder replacement done on my left shoulder after having four other surgery one was a bone graft, dr athwell is a great surgeon and a great person.
I was referred by another surgeon that would not replace my shoulder as I was only 53 and also by my neck surgeon.
was in for my consultaion within three weeks of referral and six weeks after had my surgery.
his receptionist andrea is to helpful and pleasant making everything run like a well oiled wheel.
anybody that needs shoulder replacements done George athwal is your man.
I was there on a WSIB claim, and received very quick attention.
He was unsure what was happening with my hand, but was very quick to request all the test needed to find out.
He showed me the x-rays and MRI results and explained what they all meant in terms that I was able to understand.
Excellent service by all the nurses, there was a bit of a wait, but it was well worth it.
I felt compelled to write after reading the comment below.
I have been a patient of Dr Athwalls' for 3 years.
He first replaced my shoulder and now my elbow.
I've been so happy with my care and surgeries, that I have recommended him to many friends and family, including my son, who had rotator cuff surgery.
I can assure you he has no ego because I have seen him over 20 times.
He is a great doctor.
Great Doctor and staff.
Never waited longer then 5 minutes, knowledgable and great bedside manner.
My elbow is healing very quickly, and everything he said would or wouldn't happen has taken place.
Truly a breat of fresh air he is, in a world that seems so rushed, he took lots of time to explain everything I needed to know.
He is good Doctor BUT has a issue with too many patients and too many things going on at the same time.
Long waits in the office and repeated reschedule.
Sort of has a god complex if you ask me.
Seen him for a broken hand and was originaly dismissed until I showed him where the ER Dr, showed me the break and decided then then yes indeed I did crack a bone.
Now attemtping to have Corpal Tunnel replaced and have had 3 appt.
rebooked on his part one being my surgery date.
We have lives and jobs that we just cannot rebook with nothing more then a apology and told that I should be thankful not having to wait 18 months.
very happy with my care, he is very personable, thanks for looking after my shoulder.
Dr Athwal is an outstanding surgeon.
I had a significant tear in my rotator cuff.
He gave me realistic expectations about how surgey could help.
It has now been six months and my shoulder feels great.
He has very good bed side manners and seems like a very nice person.
It seems that sometimes you have to put up with an unfriendly and arrogant doctor to get a good surgeon.
With Dr Athwal you get a 5 star doctor and a 5 star person.
He is a very skilled surgeon, but he isn't a people person.
It would be nice if he only did surgeries and not follow up or diagnosing.
I love Dr Athwal, he replaced both of my shoulders and one of my elbows.
I am pain free.
During my most recent surgery, the anesthsiology doctor who put me asleep was also a patient of Dr Athwals, also, the nurse in the recovery room was also a patient of Dr A's.
its a good sign to me that hospital people are seeing him.
I am very happy to have him as my surgeon.
I just pray he doesn't leave to the USA.
excellent care, very happy with the service and the surgery.
Get an early morning apt or last of the day at the Clinic otherwise be prepared to spend the day.
Dr Athwal is incredible.
He explores and explains all options prior to any decision on surgery being made.
I've had excellent results, couple of shoulder fix ups, one or two elbows cleaned up, all good.
Andrea his assistant is the best.
Very simply there is no better upper limb Orthopedic Surgeon.
There are not enough positive adjectives to explain this incredible Doctor, Surgeon and CARING person.
I searched out this surgeon because he was ranked number one in Canada, very happy with my care.
My operations have both been very successful.
Hands down the very best shoulder Doctor.
 His bedside manner is fantastic.
My surgery was a complete success and I thank him very much.
great surgeon.
Pain free within 5 days of surgery.
 First time in many years.
 Lots of physio after but range of motion is coming along nicely.
 I was sent o him by a different shoulder surgeon who said he was the best.
 He sure is.
The best shoulder surgeon in the Ontario, we come from Toronto to see him.
He has cured my daughters shoulder problem.
Extremely satisfied with our care, clinic to surgery, all excellent.
Andrea, his medical assistant is great.
Very responsive.
I have been very impressed with the care that I have received.
 I was referred to him by my local surgeon who recommended that I see him to have my surgery done.
 My surgeon told me that if she needed an operation like the one I needed, she would only pick him to do it.
The time to get in to see him is long, and the wait in clinic long also, but I would rather see a busy great surgeon, than a slow, not so good, on time surgeon.
Dr Athwal has a great, personal bedside manner.
My outcome from surgery has been superb, and I have already recommended 2 of my friends to him.
I did my research, found Dr Athwal, and went out to London to have my shoulder surgery.
I think Dr Athwal is one of the best shoulder surgeons in Canada.
I have no issues whatsoever with my shoulder, it is functioning superbly.
I have no regrets traveling or waiting to see him.
Dr Athwal is a genuine caring doctor and outstanding surgeon.
He is very intelligent and communicates complicated terms in simple but clear and concise ways.
After having several shoulder dislocations, the hospital referred me to him and luckily I got a fantastic doctor.
He is thorough, approachable and knowledgeable.
And the best part is, he is right here in London, Ontario just minutes from my home.
I am still recovering from my Bankart tear surgery but have been diligent in physio therapy and strength training so that my shoulder feels a little stronger every week.
Andrea, his medical assistant is also a wonderful positive person who always has a smile and completes the entire experience when booking appointments.
Dr Athwal is definitely 5 stars all around and would highly recommend him in a heartbeat.
A surgeon in New York referred me to Dr Athwal for an elbow contracture release surgery.
Dr Athwal was caring and diligent in discussing the surgery and all possible outcomes.
He explained everything clearly, valued my input, and sought knowledge and advice from colleagues when needed.
He respected my autonomy throughout the process and was committed to providing the best care.
The surgery could not have gone any better, and the outcomes have exceeded my expectations.
Dr Athwal is an excellent surgeon, definitely one of the best in the world.
Excellent doctor - spoke at my level, explained everything, answered every question.
staff at sjhc hulc and x-ray dept are superb.
was early for my appointment and got in and extra tests done without having too wait long.
feel 100% confident he is taking the best course of action with my treatment.
couldn't ask for a better doctor.
if anyone has complaints about long wait times, well, you simply must expect some delay with one of the best hand and upper limb care centers in the world.
Dr Athwal has been excellent.
He operated on my shoulder after a previous replacement started to fall apart.
My surgeon said he was the best to do this re-operation.
My shoulder is doing great.
I have no reason to disagree with the reviews below that his is the best shoulder surgeon in canada, which i guess is very good for Ontario.
But, the wait times are long.
I did my research.
He is rated top 10 in North America.
My orthopaedic surgeon set me to him for my painful shoulder replacement.
I was in pain for years.
Dr A quickly diagnosed a hidden infection.
He operated and my pain is gone.
Very happy, back to normal.
I have been recommending him to everyone.
 I would agree with him being the  shoulder surgeon in Canada.
 He has operated on me and my husband and has been great to us.
 Our shoulders are back to normal.
The best.
He fixed my shoulder after messed up by another surgeon.
I think Dr Athwall is excellent.
I was referred from Alberta to see him.
He operated on my shoulders after 3 failed surgeries with major complications and major nerve damage.
and I now have NO PAIN.
Amazing.
He is super busy, but who cares?
 what would you rather have?
 a busy surgeon with patients coming from across canada or a surgeon who is not busy, not operating much.
no brainer for me.
To the people complaining about the wait, go back to your own town and have the operation done.
He is my hero.
He fixed my shoulder after it was messed up by 2 other surgeons.
My shoulder is great.
I can play with my grandchilder, garden and golf.
He is the best around.
Dr Athwal is an amazing surgeon.
I was referred to see him for my 4th surgery on my shoulder.
All of my surgeries were botched and fell apart until he operated on me.
He did a cutting edge surgery on my shoulder which has returned it to new.
I have NO PAIN.
I travel from the Ottawa area to see him, well worth the wait.
No regrets traveling and no regrets waiting for him.
The clinic is super busy and the waits are long, but what do you expect when you are seeing the best.
Amazing all the way around.
He is the best.
Travelled 2hrs.
because he is that good.
Absolutely love this doctor.
I spent most of my career in medical equipment sales and I've dealt with hundreds of surgeons.
Dr Athwart is in my opinion a rock star.
He Is extremely personable and unquestionably skilled.
He takes the time to explain in great detail what and why he is doing the procedure, the expectations of the outcome.
I can't say enough about what a great guy he is and an amazing surgeon.
An amazing surgeon.
Two years after he repaired a tear in my rotator cuff and a detached bicep, and it is like nothing was ever wrong.
He is honest, professional and caring.
He told me it would hurt after the surgery and it did it was a long couple months.
But he prepared me well, set me up with the skills to manage my pain and gave clear instructions for my physiotherapist.
I am sooooooo glad I made the drive to London.
I know individuals who had lesser issues without nearly the positive outcome.
The first surgeon I saw told me I would need a two inch incision in my shoulder.
Dr Athwal told me that was not necessary at all.
Its always good to get a second opinion these days.
I have had wonderful experience with Dr Athwal.
my shoulder replacement was full of infection for three years before my surgeon decided to refer me to Dr Athwal to take care of things.
Dr Athwal had to do several surgeries on my shoulders to fight infection.
Now my shoulder is perfect.
My shoulder has no pain, and I can reach higher than ever before.
He is the best surgeon, And my surgeon said he would have no one else in the world operate on him, except Dr Athwal.
I love him to pieces.
His nurses are excellent, including, Margo, Andrea and Cheryl.
i play pro ball and he put my shoulder back together, awesome job.
An excellent surgeon.
My shoulder hasn't felt this good since I was young.
Very kind and caring manner.
Long wait times though for follow ups.
Take an early morning appointment if possible.
Excellent care.
I was sent to see him from my initial orthopedic surgeon, who said that he is the best shoulder surgeon in Canada to help me with my problem.
My shoulder feels great.
Dr Athwal is the best.
 Number 1 top shoulder surgeon in Canada.
I think the world of him.
 I was referred from Toronto to see him.
He did a full redo on my shoulder and know I can use my arm.
Pain is gone and I can lift it up.
Thanks Dr A you really helped me and changed my life.
 Also, be prepared for the wait, the clinic is usually super busy.
Over cocky, dismissive and highly sexist.
If you are young with an injury be prepared to be dismissed with no help.
Excellent, my elbow is almost normal.
I was involved in a motor vehicle crash.
My elbow was both fractured and broken in many pieces.
The surgeon in Windsor sent to me to see Dr Athwal.
Dr Athwals's student surgeon actually told me that dr A wrote a textbook on this type of elbow break.
Thanks for putting me back together.
If Dr A read this he would know who I am.
We have been through6 surgeries together.
he keeps my chin up he is so calm which helps.
Dr Athwal gave me my arm back.
 I was involved in a severe motorcycle accident.
A drunk ran a red and plowed in to me.
My arm was critically smashed.
The surgeons in Windsor wanted nothing to do with me and referred me to Dr Athwal.
Her operated all night long, putting my elbow back together and reattaching my shoulder.
My arm now works.
I'm back at the gym and back on my Ducati.
During the appointment this physician did nothing but doubt me and udermine me.
Also doubted the radiologist report said he could read an images better.
You did me a favor by not treating me because I got to go to a competent surgeon.
excellent surgeon, my shoulder is the best it has ever been, certainly the best in Canada.
Ranked top 25 in North America.
I have  complete confidence in him and his team.
His assistant Andrea is amazing as are his nurses Cheryl and Lisa.
Top notch in every aspect, other than the waits in clinic.
He is always behind, so be prepared.
But agree with the comment below, I would rather see a busy top notch surgeon than a surgeon looking for business.
I have been very VERY satisfied with my care.
I was referred to see him from the Hamilton area.
I have a rare muscle problem which prevents me from lifting my arms up.
My doctor at McMaster said he is the only one in Canada doing a special surgery to allow me to move my arms.
I saw him in 2016, he operated on me in 2017, and now in 2018, I can lift both my arms above my chest level.
something I have never been able to do, ever.
I thank him, his secretary Andrea, his office nurses, and the visiting surgeon from France that watched.
I was told by many that he's the end of the line, if he doesn't know the answer, no one does.
I was expecting someone arrogant and much older.
What I got was a straight-up, intelligent young doctor.
Extremely happy with my treatment.
Expect a long wait, but, leave knowing you've received great care.
I had my surgery May 5, 2015 on my rotator cuff.
He was great to talk to you answered any question I had any question that my husband had.
I recommend him to everyone I know.
Quite a few people that were done in the Windsor area that I know still do not have full range of motion but I do.
My physiotherapist in Kingsville recommended me to go to St..
I'm so happy she did.
He does NOT have the God complex like some suggested,He is very dedicated, intelligent surgeon.
Far as I'm concerned he is the best in his field.
Dr Athwal is awesome.
I was sent to him from another surgeon for a complicated surgey that required bone rebuilding of my shoulder.
The surgery went great.
My shoulder feels awesome.
He's a cool guy and I think he's the best shoulder surgeon around.
Very disappointed because we waited over 4 hours for him to see us for 10 minutes and say a surgery was going to be booked.
My doctor in Windsor did both my shoulder's.
he did a great job but they are both a mess, he referred me to Dr Arhwal, he said he could help, 4 different operation's are available, he just has to pin point with one to do, I know it will not be a quick fix but at least he gave me hope, cross my fingers that both my shoulder's are still fixable,good luck to me bobt.
A great surgeon.
 3 failed surgeries at my hospital and then1 by him and everything is normal again.
 Agree, Dr Athwal is the best.
My shoulder is great.
Ranked one of the best 28 in North America, best in Canada.
Excellent care.
He is an amazing surgeon, he has put my shoulder and arm back together after a very severe injury.
 Absolutely GREAT.
 Top in Canada.
Dr Athwal Completly re built my elbow, he is an amazing surgon.
If it was not for Athwal and his team,along with Dr Belle, and Dr King.
I would not be able to have a normal life.
He is my hero.
Dr Athwal is the best of the best.
He is rated as one is top 4 in Canada and that speaks volumes in itself.
He also has exceptional bed side manners and over the top expertise.
Highly highly recommend.
He did both of my Mima surgery and I wouldn't trust anyone else.
Thank Dr Mak for taking such good care of my father.
He is much improved and his life quality is better after successful operation on his prostate.
Dr mak is helpfulness and knowledge he is good doctor.
My son's surgery went better than I anticipated.
I was very pleased with this doctors work and surgery.
I consider myself to be fortunate to be under the care of this doctor who is so dedicated to my health and well-being.
I am so glad to have Dr Mak as my urologist.
He is wonderful and skilled and kind.
Dr Victor Mak certainly has an extremely busy office, but he always gives me the time of day to listen to my concerns and as far as I can tell, he gives the time needed for every other patients.
I have been a patient of his for many years now, and he always takes the time to listen and explain in layman language I can understand.
Fantastic doctor.
Very nice caring and professional doctor who really cares.
Thank goodness for Dr Make fantastic surgeon who helped and cured me.
Truly a wonderful doctor who really cares about his patients.
This doctor came highly recommended by friends.
I found him to be a very good doctor.
Very knowledgeable and friendly doctor.
He is very good.
Thank you Dr Mak for saving my life.
I'm a new patient to this doctor/urologist.
I found him to be non-judgmental about my somewhat embarrassing problem, easy to converse with about my problem, understanding and very knowledgeable.
I especially appreciated him taking my problem seriously whereas my other specialist didn't.
Would recommend mak to anyone.
His assistant was great too for squeezing me in to see him earlier.
I received great care from Dr Mak for my kidney stone surgery, stint removal and follow up.
 He is good to talk to, compassionate and professional.
Very very nice doctor super bedside manner and smart helped me a lot.
Highly recommend him.
Dr Mak takes time to analyse the patient's situation and tries to make accurate diagnosis.
 I think that's why his appointments are so not on time.
Saw this doctor of urology a few times.
 His treatment of me help me a lot.
 I wish I had seen him a long time ago instead of suffering.
He is very, very good doctor of urology.
Excellent rating for a truly excellent and exceptional doctor and human being who is compassionate and caring and skilful.
Thanks for Dr Mak for success turp I can urine exception and good.
Thank god for this excellent doctor who saved my life.
This doctor provided me with expert care for the past decade.
I appreciated his kindness, patience and professionalism over the years.
He has a special gift as a doctor and as a person.
I am grateful for him and his staff.
High praise for Dr Mak's surgical technique combined with his professional and compassionate bedside manner.
 He performed a tough repeat surgery that was botched by another surgeon on my sensitive private area.
A year later I am getting back to close to 100% thanks to his fine work.
Amazing doctor.
He is dedicated and conscientious.
Saved my life.
Excellent urologic doctor who saved my kidney and my life.
Dr Mak V surgery on me was a success.
Didn't nearly hurt as much as I thought it would.
Very good bedside behaviour and very good at diagnosting my problem too.
Dr  Victor Mak is an awesome doctor.
He's one of a kind.
Highly recommend him.
I will always be grateful for this doctor for saving my life.
I am now free of cancer.
Dr Mak was great.
He helped my husband and I have a beautiful baby girl by IVF.
We owe him so much.
Astute sharp doctor.
Dr Mak recognized my medical problem was serious and wasted no time in rushing medical and CT tests for me including my surgery.
Without a doubt he saved my life due to his diligence and high skills.
Thank you Dr Mak.
Dr Mak  takes his time to explain my condition and answer my questions.
 He also  describes different ways to treat my diagnosis.
He provides follow up appointments as needed too.
He made me feel comfortable and that I was in good hands with his care.
I have been living with chronic nonbacterial prostatitis for many years enduring years of suffering.
I learned Dr Victor Mack is highly respected and got my family doctor to refer me to see him.
The first meeting with him took longer than I expected.
He was very thorough asking me about my symptoms and even asked things like my family history what work I do whether I had allergy what medications I'm taking and things like that.
At this initial meeting I was very impressed with his demeanor and compassion and experience and knowledge.
I understand my problem is not as serious as cancer and things like that but I am suffering every day.
This doctor put me on a combination of a brand prostate muscle relaxing pill and antiinflammotory and herbal pills and even though I am not cured I can at least function at work and at play.
I appreciate he took my condition seriously and was serious in trying to help me and understood my pain and suffering as I am the living testament that chronic prostatitis is real physical condition and not in my head.
This doctor understood that and I appreciate him.
My father was happy with him.
He is compassionate and attentive.
I had a good experience with this doctor.
I thank this doctor from the bottom of my heart for his excellent surgery on me.
He relieved my pain and suffering tremendously.
I so much like this doctor.
He heals with brain, heart and hands.
Dr Mak is good listener.
He diagnosed my condition and gave me proper treatment without pushing drugs or surgery right away.
He gave me advice on life style and diet which seem to be working very well for now.
Good doctor and staff.
Having had a lot of experience dealing with doctors and specialists I would say Dr mak is above average.
Thanks to this great doctor who did amazing successful surgery on my husband we now have a beautiful family.
For fertility matters he is the best.
Thanks to this doctor for saving my life.
He is a godsend.
I've had recurring kidney stones 8 times over the last 30 years and have seen several different Doctors.
My most recent bout with stones was surgically resolved without any problems by Dr Mak..
I am also happy with his follow-up attention.
I believe that patients also play an important role in getting the best care available, and I have had experience with surgery that had a poor outcome from another Doctor.
My experience with Dr Mak has been positive and I appreciate the care he has provided me.
Great doctor and office staff.
 Couldn't be happier with the care.
I had the good fortune of having this doctor on duty in the emergency room when I had my kidney stone attack.
His surgery on me was a complete success.
He was great.
When it comes to kidney stone surgery this doctor Mak is tops.
He relieved my pain with painless surgery.
He is top surgeon for sure in my book.
Fits my concept of the ideal physician.
Smart, kind, respectful and approachable.
Excellent knowledge and helpfulness and bedside manner.
Excellent staff too.
Dr Mak is an exceptional Doctor.
  My family Doctor and friends and some relatives highly recommended him.
He actually exceeded all my expectations.
I really appreciated all the attention and special care I got from this doc.
He is tops in my book.
I'm very impressed with the care I got from the doctor.
I thought he was really good and cared.
So my GP sent me to Dr Victor Mak for a consultation.
In my opinion and experience, he was thorough and polite and actually quite nice.
He took his time to explain everything including the latest research experiments.
I would recommend him.
High helpful and high knowledge doctor I high respectful him.
Words cannot express how grateful I am to this doctor for what he has done for my father.
This doctor extended my father's life with a very successful operation.
One in a billion doc.
I highly recommend Dr Victor Mak as urologist.
He was great from the start.
Absolutely brilliant doctor.
My GP, who I love, tried her best to help me.
She sent me to see Dr Mak who cured my problem with minor surgery.
Thanks to this doctor for everything.
He did a great job on my problem with my prostate.
my family doctor sent me to see this Dr Mak.
I found him to be polite, thorough, and knowledgeable.
 Bottom line, he helped me.
I would recommend him.
Vasectomy went smoothly.
I would recommend Dr Mak if you need this operation.
Very good doctor wha helped me tremendously Great doctor.
I have been suffering with over active bladder condition for many years.
Tried a bunch of drugs with no help.
Dr Mack then recommended botox which worked unbelievably well for me with no pain or side effects.
I am so glad I have Dr Mack as my urologist.
His surgical assistants are great but his office staff at his clinic are terrible.
 Terrible attitude and if you ask a question or request an appointment they will not give you  an answer at all and will not forward any messages at all to the doctor because he's a surgeon.
 And I'm a cancer patient.
If you are looking for s doctor that you can communicate with in a timely manner I suggest you find someone else.
I'm sure his surgical skills are fine and he seems very nice when you do get to see him but he does not know how to manage time or patients, nor does his office staff.
I have issues after surgery I need to discuss with him but can't get a post op for 2.5 months.
Leaves you feeling like even though you have a terrible disease they don't care at all.
The best doctor IMHO.
just great at what he does.
Best infertility specialist.
Bottomline this is a high quality doctor.
I have been his patient for 15 years.
I wouldn't trust my health with any other urologist but him.
Absolutely no bedside manner and very poor patient care.
He was very dismissive and did not show any compassion whatsoever.
He failed to note anything in the charts regarding procedure or outcome of surgery/procedure so that the staff/nurses did not even know.
4 excellents for a truly excellent doctor and his helpers.
I highly recommend this excellent doctor.
For my kidney stone Dr Mak did a great job.
He took my pain away with a small operation.
 I was back to work the next day.
Dr Mak was excellent in his treatment of my prostate cancer.
8 years out i'm cancer free from my lethal deadly prostate cancer thanks to his expert surgery on me.
kind, skilled doctor.
so happy he;'s my urologist specialist.
highly recommend Dr mak.
Excellent urologist who really cares about my problem.
 His knowledge is excellent as well.
Thanks Dr mack for curing my kidney cancer for 9 years now.
See you next year.
He helped me many times.
He always took the time and effort to listen to all of my concerns.
He is a very caring man and doctor.
In general, very pleased with this doctor's care of me.
I ended up well because of Dr Mak.
He is a very good doctor.
Accurate diagnosis successful surgery by dr Vic Mak I couldn't be happier with Dr Mak he literally saved my life.
Thank Dr Mak for all you did to help me   Deeply appreciate you.
I am so lucky to have Dr Victor Mak as my urology doctor.
He has been such a good doctor and has helped my prostate gland condition.
I would recommend him highly.
Fantastic doctor.
I got great care from him.
Very nice too.
I feel very lucky to have Dr Mak as my doctor.
He takes the time to listen and answer all my questions and concerns.
He is up to date on the latest procedures and surgical techniques.
Dr Mak saved my life.
If not for him, my future would have been short and bleak.
I am so grateful that he took my symptoms seriously even though they were considered non-serious by another urologist I had first seen.
Thank goodness my nephew who is a nurse working with Dr Mak recommended I see him.
Dr Mak was understanding and kind.
Because he cared enough to really listen he ran a battery of tests which found my rare type of tumor causing my symptoms.
His expert knowledge and surgery enabled me to live my life like a normal person again.
I am forever grateful for this wonderful doctor.
I had the good fortune of being referred by my GP to Dr Mak..
He  is a wonderful doctor.
He was professional and helpful.
 His  staff  was also very helpful in squeezing me in to see him when I really needed to.
Nothing to be impressed by.
Horrible staff, and horrible punctuality.
I'm sure there are better urologists in the area.
Positive and good experience with this doctor and his staff.
Solved my problem promptly with quick and accurate diagnosis.
This doc saved my life.
I'm cancer free because of his great work.
Dr Mak came highly recommended by my family doctor and he certainly did not disappoint.
He helped me a lot in my journey with prostate cancer.
So far I am considered cured thanks to the expert surgery he did on me 10 years ago.
Mak is a very very very good urologist perfect in all aspects from knowing everything to being nice to perfect hand surgery skills.
I'm so lucky he is my doctor.
Dr Mak is a knowledgeable and compassionate doctor who would spend the time diagnosing your medical conditions.
He is in high demand and sometimes you need to wait a little while to see him.
I'm glad to have Dr Mak as my urologist because he saved my life.
2015 was a miracle year for me thanks to the miraculous Dr Mak who helped me back to good health again.
Thank you from the bottom of my heart Dr Mak.
Thanks to Mak saved me from kidney stone and infection.
He is a very skilled man.
Dr Mak is skilled, modest and gentle.
He did surgery on me and it went extremely well.
I can now go back and do the things and activities I couldn't before.
I was so nervous before my surgery but Dr Mak was good at alleviating my anxiety about my surgery which went very well.
He was compassionate and kind to me following my surgery visiting me everyday in the hospital sometimes even late in the evening and I could tell he really cared about me to be doing okay.
He did an excellent job in giving me instructions after my operation about the activities I could and could not do.
I pray he will live a long healthy life so he can go on helping many other patients.
Excellent 5 stars doctor in helpfulness and knowledge.
Staff also very helpful too.
I would highly recommend Dr Mak as your doctor.
This doctor curing my condition  he is best doctor.
I found Dr mak to be very knowledgeable and friendly.
He didn't rush to push drugs or push surgery on me.
He listened to my concerns and gave me great medical advice.
Would highly recommend Dr Mak as urologist specialist.
Very, very nice doctor, smart, knows his stuff.
I would like to thank Dr Mak fir his great care of me.
I was fortunate to have this doctor on duty when I was in the emergency.
He gave me excellent care.
Highly appreciated his care.
I also found Dr Mak to be simply an excellent doctor.
I thank god for this doctor who saved my life.
He cured my prostate cancer.
I celebrated 10 years out from my operation by this great man.
Dr Victor Mak is the best doctor I have ever met.
Not one of the best, he is the best.
He is so busy but he is so patient to answer and explain my questions.
He is sincere and empathetic and sympathetic.
I was very desperate before I saw him.
After that, I felt I would be in good hands with him.
 He is so professional and kind.
I have no single complaint at all.
I wish him  the best.
I found Dr Mak's listening, knowledge, helping, surgery skills the best of any doctor I've ever met and being in my late 70s I've seen a lot of doctors in my life.
The best doctor who saved my life.
Dr Mak favourable urology special doctor.
He is famous for help many men have babies who can not on own.
He expert got sperm from my husband and now we have a healthy baby after trying for much years.
Mak is best now we have whole family we dream of.
Very busy doctor but accommodating and not rush me.
Takes time to answer all my questions and concerns.
My surgery was very successful.
I could not ask for a better and a more professional doctor.
he is undoubtedly one of the best doctors I have had the pleasure to deal with.
For fertility issues, he is simply the best.
I have the good fortune of being under the care of Dr Mak.
He is a top specialist in male infertility.
very nice and helpful but receptionist needs mojor re-education on how to be considerate.
I would avoid this guy just to avoid the stress of having to deal with his receptionist.
If not for Dr Mak's brilliant surgery on me I wouldn't be here writing this.
He saved my life and I'm grateful each and single day for what he did for me.
He takes his time to come up with the right diagnosis.
Dr VM has treated my husbands bladder cancer and he has been cancer free 12 years now.
Great doctor with amazing bedside manner as well.
Dr Mak is a wonderful doctor.
I would highly recommend him if you need a doctor who is a urology specialist.
Dr Mak is an excellent professional with lots of experience.
He listens carefully to my concerns and gives me the time needed to answer all my questions.
I had an excellent ending with my surgery he did on me.
Very happy with his bedside manner, professionalism and care.
He was right on with the correct diagnosis of my ailment.
Dr Mak did a great job on us.
We advise anyone who has a fertility problem to see him.
He turned our hopeless problem into a success story.
I love this doctor.
He helped me and my family so much.
Dr Mak eliminated all my anxiety about having a vasectomy.
The vasectomy I had in his hands was close to painless.
He bedside manner made me able to relax.
Dr Mak was on on time and thorough and high knowledge   He help me lot.
Thanks to this doctor for the medical attention and medical surgery successfully.
Dr Mak made me feel that he genuinely was interested in my problem and in helping me get better.
He showed empathy and professionalism.
He told me that I would probably benefit from an operation but did not wish to rush into surgery.
Anyway he put me on a medication which is working and helping me with my problem so hopefully I don't need to go through surgery for now.
Bottom line, this doctor is wonderful.
I'm fortunate that my family doctor recommended Dr Mak as my urologist.
Frankly he saved my life by curing my cancer.
I will forever be indebted to this amazing doctor and human being.
Best infertility doctor in town.
So grateful for his expertise.
Positive experience with this doctor.
He was professional, knowledgeable, courteous.
Bottom line is he was able to cure my problem in a big way.
Dr Mak is a very talented and gifted doctor / urologist.
 he is excellent at what he does.
It is obvious that Dr Victor Mak is an excellent doctor and urologist, but I also found that it is his sincerity, empathy, ability to make me as a patient feel at ease, interest in me as his patient and smartness are what make him outstanding.
Dr Mak always has time to answer my questions in words that I can understand.
He makes me feel confident that I am in good hands.
May God bless Dr Mak with good health and a long life so that he can continue to heal many others for many more years.
 Bless him for his dedication, selflessness and giving attitude.
I am so grateful to be under his care.
Thank you Dr Mak for saving my father's life.
This doctor did a good job on me.
He knows what he's doing if you have a kidney stone.
Dr Mak was caring and compassionate.
He took his time in addressing all my questions and concerns before and after my prostate surgery.
I'm happy to say that the operation was a great success largely thanks to the expertise and experience of Dr Mak.
I highly recommend Dr Mak as a urologist.
I am forever grateful to Dr Mak.
He  always treats my father with dignity and respect and has helped him a lot in improving his way of life.
He is my dad's favourite doctor.
I got very good help from dr mak he is good doctor knows a lot.
I had very success surgery.
He is very good.
One in a million doc who relieved my suffering and save me from years of pain.
Thanks doc.
I am lucky to have Dr Victor Mak as my urologist doctor.
He and his staff have been helpful to me.
My health is better because of him.
Very positive experience with Dr mak.
He's a very, very good and competent doctor.
Thought he was nice too.
I saw Dr Mak yesterday for my kidney stone.
He was thorough and had a very calming attitude.
He recommended waiting it out and sure enough I passed the stone today.
Another doctor suggested surgery but I'm glad I listened to Mak's advice.
I found mak and hiss staff to be tops.
One of the best doctors ever.
Mak is knowledgeable, patience and top skilled who gave me and my family greatest medicine care.
Solved my problem.
Overall I was impressed with the care by this urology specialist.
Very good doctor.
Happy with his surgery.
I have been cared for by Dr Mak for 10 years+.
He is knowledgeable, caring and IMHO the best doctor urologist out there.
He diagnosed my illness  that no other doctor could figure out or were not interested in figuring out.
I trust him and wish him well so he can continue to help many people.
I have a very positive experience with Dr Victor Mak.
I find him to be an active listener who is genuinely  interested in solving and helping me with my symptoms.
Even though my symptoms and diagnosis is not so serious like cancer I still appreciate Dr Mak's interest in alleviating my symptoms.
He is very knowledgeable and patient.
Good bedside manner too who makes me feel at ease.
Prostate operation by this doc helped me a lot or else I would've to live with a catheter.
I pee like a 20 year old now.
My mom had ureter cancer back in 2005, DrMak saved her life without a single problem.
He even spent his spare time to visit my mom when she had surgery for gallstones 2 years after with a different doctor.
I was touched by his thoughtfulness.
He is a doctor who uses his heart when treating patients, very professional, I have great confidence in his skill and would recommend him to patients.
Excellent doctor and great office staff too.
i've been a patient of Dr mak's for many years now,Dr mak takes my concerns seriously even when my GP thinks they are trivial.
 Dr mak is a great listener and doctor who sees me not just as a patient but as a human being also.
he did surgery on my prostate cancer years ago and i credit him with saving my life.
recently he also took out my kidney stone.
both surgeries went really good.
in my community he is nicknamed God's knife.
Dr mak did successful surgery on me and i am more than pleased with his skill set, knowledge, kindness and dedication.
Just saw this doc recently.
Thought he was genuinely interested in solving my problem.
Thoughts he was thorough and good.
He found my problem with the correct diagnosis and gave me proper treatment.
I would recommend him.
Excellent doctor.
 He's been my urologist for over 10 years.
Dr Mak is an amazingly experienced professional and nice doctor.
For me, there was no unanswered questions.
He is courteous, nice and shows extreme care to his patients.
I cannot thank him enough for what he has done to help me and would recommend him wholeheartedly to anyone in need of an awesome urologist.
I am very happy with his care.
Great doctor for my prostate problem.
Thank you Dr Mak for kind and expert care of my elderly father and mother.
You are a godsend for our family.
Dr mak was on time thorough took my concern with serious I very appreciated his expert and experience very good fine doctor and surgery expert.
This urologist helped us so much.
Just got the good news from my ob that I am pregnant thanks to the surgery he did on my partner.
Thanks a million Dr Mak.
I am a 56 year old female.
Last year I was diagnosed with bladder cancer which scared the life out of me.
From the start I was comfortable with Dr Mak.
He is knowledgeable, professional, personable, respectful, punctual, and caring.
He was very nice and calming to me and toke great care of me.
I would unreservedly recommend him to anyone who needs a good urologist.
 So far, the cancer has not come back.
 Thank you Dr Mak for your wonderful care and attention.
I am lucky to have Dr Mak as my urologist,He is sincere and very helpful.
Even we speak different dialect (Persian) and need to communicate through English mostly, he always listen to me patiently.
I always trust Dr Mak and I feel safe with him care after me.
Dr Mak is an awesome Doctor who really care able his patients.
I wished I had seen Dr Mak a lot sooner then I wouldn't have suffered for as long as I did.
He cured me of my prostate pain.
This doctor is amazing.
Helpful nice kind.
Humble too.
My husband and I have been seeing Dr Mak throughout his diagnosis of infertility.
I have to say what an amazing doctor.
We couldn't be any happier.
My husband had an operation and Dr Mak did a great job because we just found out I am pregnant.
I found him to be a compassionate and caring doctor from the first time I met him.
Thank you for everything.
I will always be thankful to Dr Mak for all that he has done for my father.
 Dr Mak is one of the best doctors I have had the pleasure of having to deal with.
 Fantastic doctor.
Merry Christmas Dr Mak and staff.
Thanks for your dedication.
I appreciate you so much.
I am so thankful that our family doctor Dr Leung sent my husband to see Dr Mak.
He was extremely easy to get along with, explained everything using everyday language we can understand and now my husband is finally getting the help he needs.
Nice doctor who really cares about his patients.
I am very impressed with his care of me.
Had vasectomy with this doctor.
Went well.
Less painful than I thought.
Would recommend him.
Nothing but positive things to say about this Dr Victor Mak.
I had a kidney stone that was so painful I thought I was literally going to die.
He brought me into the hospital one night, came in from home so I could get my stone out so I could go on a planned vacation, otherwise I would have had to cancel the trip with my family that was planned months ago while I waited for my stone surgery or wait for the stone to pass out but was big so probably it would not pass without surgery.
He explained the surgery well plus talked about other ways to treat my stone but believe me I was in so much pain surgery was the way to go.
 He asked me and my husband many times if I had any further questions before the surgery.
He went through the options and let me decide what I wanted to do.
Surgery was a complete success without any cuts to my kidneys but done through a tiny camera scope.
He took some pictures of my stone and even gave me a copy of the picture.
He did have to put in a stint which he took out before I went away on vacation.
Had no problems during my vacation.
Great experience overall.
Dr Mak was highly recommended from my daughter's friend who is a nurse working at his hospital.
He did amazing surgery on me to fix my kidney cancer problem with zero complications.
 My kidney cancer surgery had 4 small scars that are barely visible.
He told me that even though I am older, he wanted to give me nice cosmetic scars.
 The surgery report was good.
He told me I should be 90 to 95% cured but will still need to see him for monitoring.
Great doctor surgeon.
 His girls at the office are also very nice and helpful.
I saw this doctor today second time for follow up I thought he was attentive and outstanding gave me great medical advice after my successful emergency stone surgery by him highly recommend him.
RateMD has recognized the use of VPN in these reviews.
 The following reviews may be from the same user.
 Please be cautious of self-promotion.
Staff generally helpful and responsive.
This doc was superb in treating my kidney stone.
He prescribed medication to pass my stone.
He said it should pass and it did the next day so I didn't need an operation to take out the stone.
So glad I changed urologist.
My last one was okay but never explained anything and never smiled like he didn't like his job.
Night and day compared to Dr Mak.
Dr Mak takes the time to explain things to me and is friendly and approachable.
He knows what he is doing and I trust him completely.
I brought my son in for a circumcision because he was getting infections and was very tight.
Dr Mak and his team did a fabulous job.
Surprisingly my son did not feel too much pain after the operation.
Whole thing was a success.
Excellent excellent excellent excellent doctor.
Very satisfied with his work.
Definitely one of the most professional doctors I've ever had to dealing with.
His diagnosis skill on my problem was spot on and the operation I received by him was successful.
I wish all doctors are more like his kind.
Awesome urologist.
Cured my condition like a pro.
Lucky he's my doctor.
Wonder doctor to my 90  year old father.
 Always professional and friendly and pays attention to what we tell him.
Unlike most doctors, he actually listens and cares.
He is patient to his patients.
good, no issues, on time, thorough, will continue to use him.
Eternally thankful to Dr Victor Mak for helping me so much.
He is tops.
I received excellent urologist help from Dr Viktor Mak.
Highly qualify doktor.
I had a positive experience with this doctor.
Thought Dr Mak was thorough and caring.
He seemed up to date and knew his craft.
Very nice and experienced doctor.
I had a good experience with him.
He was very helpful.
One of the best doctors I have ever had the pleasure to deal with.
He is excellent.
I tell all my friends and family to see mak if they need urologist care.
mak is best urologist.
Very very nice and good specialized urology doctor.
Extremely grateful for mak as my doctor.
He is one in a million.
Kind and gentleman.
Thought Dr Mak was efficient caring thorough and really knew his stuff and up to date.
I would highly recommend Dr Mak as urologist,excellent surgery skill too.
NIce professional doctor.
He is an excellent doctor.
Agree with the positive reviews that Mac is great urologist.
I did wait 45 minutes to see him but his secretary explain Mac was helping critical patient so I forgive him since he safed my life.
I was lucky this doctor was on duty in the emergency when I was there with a kidney stone attack.
He operated on me and was successfully done.
I was impressed with his care of my father's condition.
I found this doctor to be very good and nice.
Words cannot express how grateful I am to Dr Victor Mak.
Because of his expertise and the successful surgery he did on me, my wife is now pregnant.
After seeing many specialists we almost lost hope of ever having any children.
No exaggeration that Dr Mak is the top urologist.
He has really nice bedside manner too.
Dr Victor Mak is an exceptional doctor, and his office (managed by Annie) is possibly the most efficiently run medical clinic I have ever had the pleasure of dealing with.
My mother had kidney stones which underwent Lithotripsy at St..
Michael's hospital.
I had to take my mom 4 times from Thornhill to St..
The doctors there made us go repeatedly but the treatment was ineffective, and yet no one told us that the stones were not getting any smaller.
Thankfully, Dr Victor Mak at Mackenzie Health spotted and highlighted this truth to us.
After lasering the stones, Dr Mak was able to get rid of the stones and bring my mom back to good health in no time,I highly recommend Dr Mak, and I will reiterate that he and his entire staff are exceptionally good.
 Thank you, Dr Mak and Annie.
Good staff doc punctual and helpful and excellent knowledge.
Top stars for Dr Mak..
Dr mak is awesome doctor.
 thebest doctor he help me alot.
Very happy with the care I got.
Dr Mak is tops.
Highly recommend him.
If I could give a zero rating I would.
 Aside from the Consistent issues with double booking triple booking and Zero respect for punctuality let alone the rudeness of his office staff the DR himself  is the reason we buried my brother in law.
 patient care starts with being prompt and staying on top of health concerns and redirecting to another specialist when you don't have the answers or need special testing that he can't or won't do.
 It's too little to late when ur patient dies.
I needed a scope camera test fr my blader mak was v..
Good with the test.
Didn't hurt as much as I thought and found my problem thank god was minor problem that was fixed with antibiotic mak prescribed.
PoitivE  experience with mak great doc the best so happy with him.
Very pleased with the work this urologist did for me.
Over the years, I've been to Dr Mak several times due to bladder problems.
 Dr Mak has always been professional and compassionate.
 Moreover, he and his staff take the care and time to follow-up with patients and their treatments.
 Would endorse Dr Mak, both as far as his ability as a urologist and as far as his level of care and compassion.
I have been seeing Dr Mak for several years now.
He is patient and caring and will explain things more than once if needed in simple layman language so I can understand which has lowered my stress and aided my healing.
Truly wonderful doctor and human being.
Top surgeon too.
Doctor good kind to my son and family helped my son  good.
Got success surgery by this doctor.
His technique was very success.
Dr Mak performed operation on me and I have been more than pleased with his knowledge, his kindness, and his skills.
You'd be hard pressed to find anyone better.
Dr Mak did emergency surgery on me and saved my life.
Wonderful doctor.
His staff are very good too.
They show compassion.
Got a great early Christmas present from Dr Mak for my father whose surgery made him cancer free many thanks to him for his skills and compassion.
Gratefully, Joan S..
Dr Mak is a wonderful, caring and compassionate doctor who always took the time to answer any questions I had.
He is professional and pleasant and knowledgeable.
This guy is really good.
Only doctor who never disappointed me.
Dr Mak is very knowledgeable.
He answers any question I ask him in a thoughtful way.
He listens intently and care about me.
I never feel rushed when I am seeing him.
He takes his time to arrive at the correct diagnosis.
I would highly recommend him.
I don't think Dr Mak was helpful, he has un-professional conduct, no compassion, helpless, no responsbility doctor I never met.
Even his office employee's arrangement was bad too.
Never pick up the phone, no matter left the message in thier answer machine urget or not.
They won't call back at once.
Never realize their mistaken.
 Sometimes called back in next day or even never reply, I really don't know why he can be expert as a Urologist, very disappointed, disqualifly and un-professional.
Mak for cuting my problem.
 You helped me so much.
I had a good experience with this doctor.
He was helpful.
His staff was good too.
My Ob recommended this doctor for my husband's vasectomy reversal.
Operation was a complete success.
I highly recommend him.
Fantastic surgeon of urology.
If you can have him as your specialist urologist then you're in good hands like me.
I was treated and cured by him.
Having been looked after by a number of other doctors in my life time, Dr Mak stands out as one of the very best in the medical profession.
He is a real credit to his field.
I would like to extend my sincerest thanks to Dr Mak for saving my life.
Very excellent urology specialist.
Dr Victor mak did surgery on me quickly that relieved my pain and suffering completely.
He even came in the middle of the night on a Sunday to do the surgery on me.
 Excellently skilled and compassionate doctor is Dr Mak.
Very good experience with Dr Mak.
I felt like I was in good hands with him.
This urologist provided superior care for my problem.
 He listened to my concerns and was respectful and attentive.
I would highly recommend him to anyone.
Dr Mak is a very good doctor.
Certainly one of the best I have ever had the pleasure of having to deal with.
Highly recommend him.
I received amazing care from urologist Dr Mak.
His surgery on me was a success.
His office staff were also caring and understanding.
Words cannot describe my gratitude to Dr Mak's amazing surgery on my husband.
Thanks to Dr Mak we now have a beautiful, healthy baby girl.
Thank you Dr Mak, you're a miracle worker.
Excellent doctor for kidney stones.
Took away my pain with minor surgery.
Visited Dr Mak due to an overactive bladder condition.
 For the longest time, it was a condition I chose to ignore and deal with.
 But, it was only getting worse and I finally realized that I needed to see a urologist.
 Dr Mak was nothing but professional.
 He took the time to listen to me describe my condition.
 Most importantly, he provided effective medical treatment.
Excellent in all categories.
He is one of the best doctors I have ever had the pleasure of dealing with.
Professional, courteous, highly compassionate and skilled.
Highly recommend this doctor to anyone in need of a urologist.
I consider myself to be fortunate to get a referral to him.
He is one of the best doctors in urology.
 He is extremely competent and is highly rated by other patients and doctors.
He treats me like a real person, not a just another file.
Words cannot do justice to the gratefulness I feel for all that Dr Victor mak has done for the super restoration of my urinary kidney health.
He is the best urologist Ithat I am most certain of.
Very nice manners,He made me feel at ease.
He explained each step for my procedure as it was being done with me awake and not sleeping and Procedure was very successful.
This doctor is wonderful.
He has magic hands.
A master of his craft.
Fantastic Doctor really professional can talk to him.
Terrible punctuality with 3 hour waiting.
Half of staff don't speak English.
I received superior care from this doctor.
he is a fabulous doctor and human being.
One of the nicest doctors.
Very approachable and competent.
Very nice doctor, caring and professional.
He also jokes with my husband and ease our worries with appropriate terms and tone.
I like him and he refers a very good specialist to us too.
Good job well done Dr Mak..
This doc was attentive and compassionate towards us.
His skills and knowledge in fertility are outstanding compared to other docs we've seen.
Just found out we're pregnant thanks to Dr Victor.
I had an operation, never really got a chance to talk to him nor did he try to follow up.
Basically just showed up for the operation and left.
No further contact afterwards.
The best physician/surgeon.
I found him to be exceptionally kind and compassionate.
Explains medical terms in a way that I can understand as a layman and takes time to answer all my questions and he said there is no such thing as a dumb question.
He did surgery on my prostate which took away my suffering without any pain.
I cannot say enough good things about Dr Mak.
 I think the problem with him is that he is so good at what he does that this makes him so busy because people prefer to see him over other specialists.
He is one of the best doctors I have met.
Happy my family doc referred me to him.
Dr Mak has been my urologist for about 10 years and I find him very kind, caring, intelligent and informative.
He is excellent with my problems even the more trivial ones not just the more serious one (cancer), and I would definitely recommend him as an urology specialist.
His office staff are also very accommodating, kind and friendly.
I never had a problem with him or his secretaries.
They do their best to fit you in when necessary and are very helpful with communicating information to you.
The absolute best doctor and doctor's office that I have ever been to.
I am very happy with this doctor's care.
He is compassionate and skilled.
He has a gentle touch.
Dr Mak was very helpful.
He went out of his way to help my son get the urine care he needed.
Forever grateful to doctor mak.
My personal experience with Dr Mak and his office has been largely positive.
I found him and his staff to be excellent.
They were helpful too.
He made the correct diagnosis on me.
Thankfully, it was nothing serious like cancer.
He offered medications, but did not push medications on me.
 I don't like taking medications long term.
I took  what he prescribed for a short time, and I am now almost completely better.
I have an appointment to see him to let him know I am much better.
IMO,  Dr Mak is an excellent and compassionate doctor.
I went to the emergency three times each time sent home in pain then this doctor finally saw me in the emergency and then came in at night to pull out my kidney stone  he was compassionate and skilled I will never forget how he took away my pain.
Dr Mak operation on me  help me tremendous.
Great doktor.
Four excellents for a truly excellent doctor.
Really appreciate him.
As 2019 is drawing to a close I am blessed with the restoration of my health by this doctor.
I wish him long good health so he can go on healing many other people.
I wished I had seen dr mak much sooner I would've felt better sooner he works miracles.
Fantastic doctor who cured me.
 Simply the best.
 I highly recommend this doc.
Good doctor attentive knows his stuff good bedside manner too.
My friend recommended me to see mak and I thought he was a superb doc.
He is a nice and helpful doctor.
His manner is also very good too.
Highly recommend to other patients.
Excellent staff and urologist.
Excellent punctuality.
Excellent knowledge.
Excellent helpfulness of doctor and staff.
Dr Mak is excellent.
Excellent doctor and staff good too they are helpful.
I have a very unusual infertility condition and I already have seen 2 other specialists who couldn't help me.
It is complicated but Victor Mak's surgery on me made me have babies naturally.
He is kind, smart and caring.
Very thankful Dr Mac for his expert surgery on me.
I am very grateful for the excellent cure surgery Dr Victor Mac did on my prostrate.
he is one of the best doctor I know.
I cannot say enough good things about this doctor.
He is an excellent urologist.
Fantastic care received from him.
When it comes to prostate cancer, he is one of the best.
Celebrating 10 years cancer free this week of prostate cancer thanks to the expert surgery by this doctor.
As a urologist, Dr Mak is professional, patient and based on my experience, truly respects patient privacy/confidentiality.
 Though I'm not the biggest fan of going to doctors of any sort, I would definitely return to Dr Mak if I needed to see a urologist again.
My friend and neighbor highly recommended Dr Victor Mack for my prostrate problem as he helped my neighbor a lot.
Turns out this doctor also helped a lot of my other friends when we old guys got talking about our man problems.
They also said a lot of good things about Mack.
I convinced my family doctor to send me to see Dr Mack.
All I can say is this is a very good urologist.
I'm better thanks to him.
I now see him yearly and am doing well.
Generally I had a good expected with Dr v..
mak and his office helpers.
I thought he was on time, thorough, and caring.
He struck me as very smart and really knew his medical knowledge.
He did minor surgery on me which went well I thought as well.
Overall 5 out of 5 for him although he is more like over 5 I thought.
Truly appreciate this doctor for his excellent care for my father who will surely live longer thanks to Dr Victor Mak.
With gratefulness to Dr Mak and his staff.
Grateful to this doctor for taking out my kidney stones expediently.
He was competent and reassuring.
Good staff at office and hospital.
He's great.
More helping than other doctors.
He did right to the problem I telled him.
Thank you Dr mak for saving my life.
yur the best doctr.
Both my husband and I are Dr Mak's patients.
I saw him for my after surgery visit and the ultrasound report showed the surgery on my kidney worked.
He fixed my swollen kidney so that I no longer have pain.
My husband didn't come with me, but Dr Mak asked how my husband was doing anyway.
I told him that he was starting to have some problems with his prostate again and he was so kind in listening to me and he got his girl to book an appointment for my husband to see me next month.
I really appreciate this doctor for his skills, kindness and compassion.
One of the best doctors ever in my view.
Without Dr Mac's skills and compassion I don't know if I would even be alive.
His expertise and incredible surgery on my blader cancer I'm sure saved my life even 11 years later.
Thanks for the caution.
 These reviews are so obviously written by the same person.
 500 perfect 5 reviews with the same cadence and sentence structure.
 Many in the same day.
 Could have thrown in some variation if you wanted to make it believable lol.
This is a very good and nice doctor.
I would recommend him.
I recommended a a family member who was also very pleased with the care he received.
Had my consultation with Dr Mak for my prostate waterworks problem.
Found him very kind, informative and knowledgeable.
He made me feel comfortable and did not pressure me into getting procedure or surgery, although I did book surgery with him and had a very successful outcome.
Had a great experience so far.
Highly recommend him.
Genius doctor urologist.
Good manners communications skills.
 The best doc a patient can ask for that's for sure.
Dr Mak is truly a wonderful doctor.
He helped me and my husband conceive a beautiful and healthy baby.
He is a fountain of knowledge  and skills in helping couples with difficulty having a baby.
 I will never forget the great care my husband and I got from Dr Mak.
He made the impossible possible.
I appreciate the help and care Dr Mak and his team gave to me.
He is tops in my book.
Dr Mak & his staff seem very sympathetic and accommodating to my problem.
He and his office seem very organized.
I found him to be knowledgable and compassionate.
I would definitely recommend Dr Mak if you need a urologist.
 I have recommended some of my friends and  relatives to him, and they all echoed the superb care they received from Dr Mak.
This is a top fertility doctor.
His surgery on me was supposed to have a low success rate but in his hands it worked.
My wife and I are thrilled to have received the news from her ob yesterday that she is pregnant.
Truly thankful to this fine doctor.
I was very impressed with my experience.
I would recommmend Dr Mak to anyone in need of a good urologist.
I was referred to dr mak for my prostate cancer for a second opinion he agreed with my other urologist that surgery was the way to go I decided for dr mak to do my surgery 5 years out I am still cancer free thanks dr mak gratefully KN.
Good doctor who really cares.
I would recommend him highly.
This is a brain heart doctor - smart and cares for his patients and their families.
If you need a top Urologist mak is the man.
I really liked this doctor.
He is a very good doctor.
 I can talk to him freely about my problems.
good listenter.
Dr Mak is an outstanding, understanding, compassionate and caring doctor.
He has always gone out of his way to help me and my family and find the correct diagnosis and treatment for my problems.
 I simply cannot say enough great things about Dr Mak.
Dr Victor Mak is truly  nice and very professional doctor.
I highly recommend him.
he was not confident on performing my prostate surgery.
took a second opinion.
he wanted the second surgen to attend surgery besides him, did not turn up, i should have been alerted right then, does not maintain proper records.
gives follow up injections but does not record having given them,.
the staff is very rude.
Very impressed with your care Dr Mak.
Thanks a million.
In general I was very happy with the service I got from this doctor.
He was attentive and was spot on with the diagnosis of my problem.
He basically cured me.
This is a superb doctor who is really good in his care of me.
So happy this doctor was on duty.
Took out my kidney stone.
 Virtually painless operation.
Top down.
I called many times but always answered by machine that messages were full.
They should tell whether clinic was closed for holiday and from when to when.
Otherwise, staff should update messages from tiem to time.
I really like this doctor because he puts me at ease and I can tell him my problem without feeling rushed.
He is caring which is important to patients.
Positive experience with this fabulous doctor.
He is very good.
My husband and I went to see Dr Mak after my husband was told by 2 other urologist specialists to give up having a baby as he was found to have no sperm on sperm tests.
Dr Mak said there was a chance for us and did surgery to connect my husband's vas tube to the epididymis tube.
The surgery was a success as I did get pregnant and now have a healthy baby thanks to Dr Mak.
He was kind and reassuring and always took his time in explaining things and answering our questions without rushing us out.
Really knowledgeable too.
Thank you Dr mak from the bottom of my heart for your kindness and fantastic care of me.
I can look forward to a better and longer life thanks to Dr Mak.
He is a miracle doctor.
Happy with the care I got from this doc.
Anyone needing an urologist I highly recommend Dr Mac.
Thank you Dr mak for helping my father.
You really went out of your way because you have genuinely compassion.
You are also vely skilled surgeons.
Thanks to Dr mak for looking after my urology problem especially his attention and care.
He is tops.
I find Dr Mak to be an extremely compassionate, knowledgeable and respectful doctor who takes his time with me and my family members.
My elderly parents, one daughter and I have been going to see him for more than 10 years and we don't even live in Richmond Hill anymore.
We just find Dr Mak to be very professional and helpful, and we admire his patience and the great care he has provided despite my daughter's handicap.
This doctor is a kind and caring.
My mom has been his patient for more 15 years and she have been well  look after by him.
I go with her for most her appointments and see why she likes him and his caring.
He is respecting and helping her and patient and not rush.
Thank you Dr Mak for help my mother.
Agree with all the positive reviews on Dr Mak.
 He is a really really great doctor.
Dr Mak is an amazing urologist.
I wish all doctors were like him.
Dr Mak is an amazing doctor.
For anyone reading this and is looking for a great urologist, then Dr Mak is it.
I wish I can give a higher score.
He is better than excellent.
I found dr mak to be more helpful and knowledgeable than most docs.
Great doctor who cares about me as his patient.
Great diagnostician who is thorough.
Would highly recommend him if you need a urology doctor specialist.
This doctor was highly recommended by my family doctor.
He was great.
Thanks Dr Mak for taking out my stone.
You're a real lifesaver.
With gratitude.
Excellent doctor.
He helps me many years.
Very please with this doctor.
He help me with my kidney problem good.
Please please don't goto see this doctor.
I want to rip him apart and cry, but trying to be very fair about this.
He misdiagnosed my condition entirely.
I wasted years from my life chasing after the wrong thing and taking unnecessary drugs.
Thank god he gave up and pushed me over to other doctors in that same hospital who decided from pathology lab tests that the initial diagnosis was completely wrong.
The worst thing is he doesn't care.
He told me to let it be and enjoy what time I have left.
He could never answer any question directly and always danced around.
I was told by the other physician that there was only a matter of months left to live.
When I first met Victor Mak md urologist I was not confident in him as he looked like teenager  but was I wrong as I subsequently found him to have many experiences and high knowledge who helped me many and much.
He is also incredibly humble as I found out he is head of the hospital in Richmond hill and he does experiments research to help mankind.
I think mak has accomplished many for a young man.
Thank you that's all.
I consider myself lucky to have this doctor as my urologist.
He is amazing.
So much better than the last guy I went to see.
Dr Mak is an excellent urologist.
His office secretary is also very good and pleasant.
This doctor is fantastic.
He helped me a lot.
Saved my life in fact.
It cancer free because of his skills and compassion.
The best doctor ever.
 the best, thet bestthe best really the bestest.
Very good doctor.
I highly recommend mak if u need a urologist.
I've had two procedures with Dr Mak.
He is thoughtful, professional decisive and an unbelievable leader in his field.
I have never felt so confident with any doctor in my life.
Do not hesitate to use DrMak.
Furthermore if you are lucky enough to be referred to him , I would t dare search for another urologist.
I have seen Dr Mak as a patient 5 times now.
I find his new office staff to be very friendly and helpful.
I waited for about half an hour to see Dr Mak today which is not unreasonable considering I have to wait 2 to 3 hours to see my family doctor.
Some of his other patients sitting next to me said he was worth the wait, and I agree.
Overall, very helpful, caring, kind, approachable and nice.
Excellent bed-side manner.
Extremely knowledgeable in medicine.
His surgery on me took away my pain completely.
I would definitely recommend my family and friends to see him.
Great doctor and human being.
Good experience with Dr Mak and his secretary.
On time, thorough,i received outstanding care from him.
I know that it is not easy to be a Urologist or specialist and most of the time we have to wait 2 to 4 hours.
 It's ok, at least Dr Mak is willing to accept my dad, because my friend got kidney stone & still doesn't have a specialist to see him for 2 months.
 My dad is a cancer patient and need to operate on both Colon and Bladder.
 He has already done the best thing for him.
 I understand his punctuality is a nightmare but in term of helpfulness, and skill he is usually pretty good.
 He is usually compassionate to patients & see my dad a lot  but probably his workload make him too tired.
In term of his staff, base on my experience, they are generally ok without any problem, but I think Dr Mak's staff should be more strict on booking to minimize the work quality of the staff.
(so you don't even wait there because he just don't accept you).
 Base on what I hear and see from my experience and other patient about him, he is generally a good doctor, but just need better management skill.
Just want to thank Dr Mak for his fantastic treatments of me.
Fabulous doctor.
Dr Mak is a very good doctor imo.
He helped my mother a lot.
Dr Mak is an amazing doctor.
He always listens to everything I have to say, no matter how long I take.
He makes sure I understand what it is I am asking him.
He is helpful, caring and up to date.
I'm extremely thankful to Dr Mak for finding and curing me of my life threatening cancer.
He is trustworthy and overall great great doctor and human being.
I was impressed with the staff and doctor at the clinic - conscientious, professional and friendly.
I have seen a number of specialists in my lifetime, but Dr Victor Mak really stands out and left a good impression on me in regards to his demeanour and skills and knowledge.
He is calm and reassuring.
Very good and sincere doctor who takes my concerns seriously.
I commend dr mak and his staff for the outstanding medical care he provides for my father.
Dr Victor Mak is absolutely a consummate professional who is knowledgeable, caring, and friendly.
I simply lucked out when my family doctor referred me to Dr Mak.
I especially appreciated his bedside manner and empathy.
Dr Mak deserves more than 5 stars.
Fine bright nicest doctor.
I am pleased to say My dad had two procedures with Dr mak  and he has made my dad and mom and me feel nothing but comfortable and answered all our questions with dignity and the outmost respect.
Both surgeries one minor the other more complex went better than expected without too much pain even for my dad who is scared of pain.
His life is so much better now.
That's why I would recommend him without hesitation.
I thought his secretaryies were helpful and nice.
I appreciate his bedside manner which is patient and kind and pleasant.
Doctor was helpful.
Excellent knowledge too.
Nice and helpful receptionist too.
Dr mak is a fantastic doctor who truly cares about me as his patient.
He will do his best for his patients.
Overall, very good experience with Dr Mak.
 He is an active listener and I found him approachable so I feel comfortable telling him about my problem without feeling being judged or embarrassed,He knows more than most other urologists I've seen in the past, especially for prostate and sexual problems,I would highly recommend him.
Outstanding doctor/cancer specialist.
 My wife and I received the best news from Mak recently.
He was humble to say that we defeated my cancer when I know in my heart it was his excellent surgery that saved me.
This fantastic doc saved my life.
I will forever be thankful to him.
Excellent experience with this urologist.
He is helpful and his surgery on me was a complete success.
Dr Mak is an exceptional urologist.
He was attentive, friendly, thorough and helpful towards me and my wife.
He talked about alternative treatments and told me he wanted to work with me to find the best possible treatment which suited my situation the best, not just the condition itself but taking into consideration my age, health and insurance coverage for my drug plan.
I am pleased with his care.
Too bad I can only give Dr Mak 5 stars because he is a 10 star doctor.
Usually I'm not to fond of doctors but Mak is an exceptional doctor.
Dr Mak has been looking after me for the last 4 years for a few urology things.
I like how he treats me with respect and kindness.
He never rushes me and I feel I can talk to him.
Dr mak is brain heart hands doctor.
He is smart kind great surgeries skills.
He saved my life with his brain heart and hands from God.
I have been Dr Mak's patient since 2010 and I am very grateful to him and his staff for the dedication and care they have provided me.
Dr Mak is very knowledgeable and detail-oriented.
He takes his time to explain things to me in terms and works I can understand and looks at all the lab results during each visit.
He does not push medications or surgeries.
 He advises things like nutrition, diet and exercise.
 He seems to really care for his patients and has a nice bed-side manner.
I do appreciate deeply his kindness and his gentle manner.
 To me, he is a great physician.
I am also thankful to his staff who accommodates and changes my visit appointments as my work involves traveling outside which I understand is a difficult task for them as I know sometimes their work is demanding.
Had  BPH prostate surgery 1 month ago,  only took 2 painkiller tablet  post surgery.
   Formerly has  urge to pee at 140ml, now able to hold 310ml.
Quality of life returns to normal.
 Couldn't be more happy.
  Thanks again Dr Victor Mak.
Dr mak made correct diagnosis to my not so straight forward infertility problem and because of the operation he did on me, my wife and I now have a beautiful healthy baby that we have always wanted thanks to this doctor.
I have been a patient of Dr Mak since April 2009.
He is always interested in knowing how I am doing.
He helped my prostate hyperplasis problem greatly such that I am no suffering and am enjoying life again.
I'm lucky to have Dr Mak as my urologist.
He cured me of my bladder cancer and saved my life.
Dr Mak is the best and kindest doctor I have ever known.
I had a good experience with this doctor.
He is knowledgeable and friendly.
Careful and caring doctor.
Really like him as my doctor.
Thanks to Drmak for saving my father's life with his expert surgery and skills.
Superb doctor and human being.
Skilled, caring and compassionate.
Excellent experience with Dr Mak and his staff.
He treats me as his patient with respect, gives me the time to ask questions and listens to my concerns.
He is patient and explains things in a way I can understand.
Overall I find this doctor above average compared  to other doctors that I have had to deal with in knowledge, communication, compassion and skills.
Dr Mack is compassionate and caring.
he looked after my elderly father with dementia and took all his urine concerns seriously and gave him superb care.
I wish all doctors were more like Dr Mak.
Dr Mak is what all doctors should strive to be like and emulate.
Our family is so grateful for the kindness and expertise that Dr Mak has shown for our mother.
His above average care and compassion has touched us so much.
The number system here does not do justice to  the level he deserves.
We are forever thankful to Dr Mak.
Staff overall nice polite and helpful.
Dr Mak is responsive to my concerns pays attention and listens to my questions to arrive at correct diagnosis and right treatment.
This doctor is tops when it comes to infertility.
He gave us hope we can have a family and my surgery worked.
We have a beautiful baby girl because of this fabulous doc.
My family doctor referred me to see Dr Mak.
Saw him once so far and I was very impressed with his care so far.
Dr Mak is an exceptional doctor.
He performed a successful surgery on me which saved my life and from which I have successfully recuperated.
Even though he is so busy he took the time to listen to my and my wife's concerns.
I never felt rushed out of the office by him.
It was clear to my wife and I that he really cares.
I found him to be punctual with regards to my appointments, but he was late one and a half hours one time.
However, I learned he was doing emergency surgery to help a couple get pregnant as he is apparently one of a rare group of doctors skilled in pregnancy medicine so it was because he was caring for someone else who really needed his expertise and he was there for them.
 If you were to get a referral to see Dr Mak, you should be thankful.
My family is filled with the utmost gratitude for Dr Victor Mak for his care of my father who will see this Christmas and many more.
He is very knowledgeable and patient.
 Explained everything to me in details.
Excellent urology specialist.
I thought he really knew his stuff and was up to date.
Kind and compassionate too.
I thank the goodness of the doctor mak.
Very good doctor.
Excellent doctor and staff.
Highly appreciated his care of me.
Very pleased with the care I received from this doctor.
 He is tops in my book.
Dr Mak is an excellent doctor.
 Very knowledgeable and caring.
I have been his patient for over 10 years.
 Even though I moved two hours from his clinic, I still have follow up visits with him once a year.
I found Dr Mak to be excellent doctor in that he cares not just about my physical condition but also my mental state  and cares about me as a whole human being not just certain body parts he can fix which he did but I appreciate him caring about my mind and mental happiness and he talks to me and my wife with words language drawing we can understand.
Happy with this doctor's care.
Knows his stuff especially prostate.
Great doctor had positive experience with him.
Would highly recommend him.
I had a varicose vein surgery that worked - sperm improved - wife pregnant - Mak is best.
This doctor did a fantastic job treating my prostate.
I highly recommend him as a urologist.
Took a while to see this doc but his diagnosis was spot on.
Dr Victor Mak exemplifies the ideal physician from his bedside manner to knowledge to operation skills.
Dr Mak seems to be kmowledgable, but his communication skills are terrible.
He doesn't explain the procedures that he's doing or what's involved in recovery He offers no help with anything after the operation is done.
The only thing worse than his communication skills is his office staff.
They are not personable are not cooperative and basically they're just rude,If you have a choice stay clear of this doctor and his staff, trust me you won't regret trying to find someone else.
Dr Mak is the best top urologist he took away my pain completely and cured my sickness.
He really is a great doc.
I am very satisfied with the medical care I got from this doctor.
He knows what he is doing.
He was able to treat my condition effectively.
Have no complaints with Dr Mak's care and skill as a urologist.
 Visited him several times and found both he and his staff to be professional and to have friendly bedside manners.
I can't thank this doctor enough for his expert surgery that cured my prostate cancer.
It's been 10 years I've been cancer free.
Thanks Dr Mak.
Highly recommend Dr Victor Mak.
He was thorough in asking about my symptoms, lifestyle, diet, family history.
Took time to discuss my blood and my ultrasound results.
Office help pleasant too.
Thought my situation was hopeless but mak really helped me.
Thanks mak.
Just want to thank Dr Mak for his professionalism and skills.
 He is the best doc in town if you have Infertility problems.
Really impressed with the care I got from mak the urologist.
Top doc.
Five year check up cancer free thanks to Dr mak and his fantastic team.
Doctor was thorough.
Did not feel rushed.
I thought he was very good and professional.
Thanks to Dr Victor Mak I'm cancer free for 12 years.
I would highly recommend him.
I consider myself lucky to have this wonderful man as my doctor.
He is superb.
I had the good fortune of being referred to this awesome specialist in urology.
I found him to have a great bedside manner which made me calm as I was quite anxious about my diagnosis.
His surgery on me went very smoothly.
I have tremendous respect for him as he fits my image of what an ideal physician should be like - knowledgeable, approachable, skillful surgery hands, etc.
Consider yourself lucky if you are his patient.
He is thorough and is super as a urologist.
Very knowledgeable and helpful doctor.
Gave me best prompt treatment.
Many thanks Dr Mak.
Agree he's great urology doktor.
Words cannot express how much I appreciate this brilliant doctor for saving my mother's life.
Many thanks Dr Mak.
I love Dr Mak.
I have had a lot of doctors in my lifetime, and he ranks amongst the best alongside  with my GP.
I am very pleased with the professional care I have been getting from Dr Mak.
This is the best urologist.
If you're in need of a Urology Specialist I highly recommend him.
They really don't get any better rhan Dr Mak forEfficient, good beside manner, knowledge.
In treating kidney stones, DrMak is very good in his field.
Very intelligent & caring person.
Unfortunately, I cannot say the same for his receptionists.
Very abrupt & always seem to be in a hurry to brush the patient off.
Excellent urologist.
He knows his stuff.
Basically he saved my life.
Dr Mak is  a caring doctor who first treated me 10 years ago.
He takes the time to listen to you despite having a busy schedule.
He treats his patients like his family showing respect, concern and willing to go the extra mile to get to the bottom of your issue.
Dr Mak is a gift to the medical profession.
He is caring, conscientious, and compassionate.
He explains things in detail that I can understand.
I found him to be knowledgable and approachable.
He  made me feel like I can ask him anything and that there is no such thing as a stupid question with him.
Dr Mak is my dad's favourite doctor.
He actually looks forward to the yearly visits with him.
He has taken excellent care of my dad.
attentive to my concerns and gave me proper diagnosis and treatment which helped me a great deal to road of recovery.
he is good.
For kidney stone surgery this doctor is the best.
I was so lucky this doctor was on duty when I had to go to the hospital.
No issues with this doc.
On time, friendly.
his surgery on me was not painful and improved my condition excellently.
high regard for mak.
Staff very good.
 Dr Mak was punctual, helpful,and knowledge.
 great doc.
Excellent excellent excellent excellent doctor and staff in all aspects.
I went to see Dr Mak to resolve reoccurring kidney stone issues.
 Of course, I was very nervous going into the surgery, as I never really had to go through surgery before.
 I found Dr Mak to be reassuring and skilled.
 In turn, that made me feel more confident and calm in his care.
 The surgery was a success and I think that comes as a result of Dr Mak's skill.
Excellent in all categories.
 Truly an exceptional doctor.
Dr Mak's staff was accommodating when I needed to see him urgently.
I was grateful that he made himself available at the end of his long day to fit me in.
He was very helpful and understanding.
My husband underwent a very successful operation by Dr Mak.
I'm now 4 months pregnant thanks to this doctor.
He made a dream come true for us.
Dr Mak is a miracle worker.
So I saw this urologist for the first time a couple of weeks ago.
Naturally, I was nervous because of my condition.
 I did talk to the other people waiting beside me in the waiting room who have been his patients for years and they said many compliments about him which calmed me and they were right.
When I did see him I thought this doctor was professional and courteous.
He also reassured me he has seen many men with a problem similar to mine and from his experience the problem is not serious.
He prescribed a drug which I took but while I am not cured I am feeling a lot better.
He warned me about side effects but so far the drug is working without any side effects.
I am grateful for his care.
I gave highest rating scores because he is highest doctor.
The best doctor and urologist in the GTA for male prostate problems.
Thanks Dr Mak for visiting me at the hospital and taking such great care of me and then squeezing me in for surgery going out of your way to help me.
This doctor is a scholar and a true gentleman.
 God bless him.
Attentive, empathetic, smart and helpful doc who goes that extra mile to bring health to his patients is how I and other patients find Dr Mak.
I have to thank Dr Mak.
I had a painful stone blocking my kidney.
He saw me in the hospital and was patient even though it was obvious he was running around busy.
He told me the operation I needed and got it done while I was in the hospital.
I have to say this is a fantastic doctor.
Have been going to Dr Mak for years and cannot recommend him highly enough.
He's very knowledgeable and I trust him completely.
He is calm, reassuring and thorough.
He even took a call to address my concern even though I couldn't  get  an appointment because he was so busy.
 Fabulous doctor.
As a man with an enlarged prostrate, Dr Mak has been my savior.
Dr Mak has always been professional, informative, and knowledgeable.
I felt he is always there to provide me with the best advice and best care.
His girls in the office are professional and helpful too.
Thank you Dr Mak from the bottom of my heart.
Dr Mac is a highly recommended Dr Mak has compassion, he explains everything in detail really cares about you he is exceptional at his work and he has a knowledge that is impeccable.
I would highly recommend him to all my family and friends.
I very appreciating the concerning and caring from Mak doctor.
I'm think mak is best best healer of kidney stone doctor.
I'm really lucky to have Dr Victor as my doctor Urologist.
He is great.
All these reviews below are all rigged by his staff.
This guy is NOT a good urologist, he does not care about patients.
Speak to him and you'll see why.
One of my biggest regrets is being operated by this so called surgeon.
Do yourself a favour, honestly, and avoid him.
Appreciated and pleased with the medical advice I got from this doc.
He recommended bladder exercises and is working so no pills or operations for now.
I can honestly say that Dr Mak is a fine doctor.
His accurate diagnosis of my problem resulted in proper treatment and cure of my problem.
Dr Mak is a wonderful urology specialist doctor.
He is a master of what he does very professional and I found him to be modest and humble considering his high reputation.
I really appreciate having Dr Victor Mak as my urologist.
In fact, I feel fortunate to have this superb doctor and human being looking after me.
 He is a credit to the medical profession.
from Richmond Hill.
thank for professionalism,exxpertise and help and kindness.
I like to thank this doctor from the bottom of my heart for the successful surgery he did on my father.
May he live a long life so he can go on helping many people.
My experience with urologist Dr Victor Mak was very positive.
I found him to be friendly and approachable.
I felt like I can ask him anything without feeling embarrassed and he made me feel comfortable such that I didn't feel like I was asking any stupid questions.
Anyway, I'm glad I trusted him enough to do kidney surgery on me as I'm likely to be cured of my cancer with over 90% chance.
I have never met a more complete and thorough doctor in my life.
He came into my first appointment completely prepared with all of my health history.
His ability and willingness to listen to the my concern was exceptional.
After my CAT scan, he spent a long time thoroughly explaining the results.
All physicians should spend time with him to see how they should interact with patients.
Looks like there is a filter to filter out all the negative comments on Dr Victor Mak.
Definitely, he has a lot to hide.
My and many other patients' experience with him had been terrific and FATAL.
Dr Mak certainly has a very busy office, but I really appreciate that he takes the time required not only for me but also for all his patients who need the time.
I have seen Dr Mak for years now and I appreciate that he always takes the time to listen to my concerns and explain everything in detail in a language I can understand.
Terrible front desk.
Good experience.
I would recommend mak if you need a good urologist who is caring and thorough.
I found Dr Mak to be a great listener and surgeon.
I would highly recommend him as a doctor.
I was so scared to see a urologist but this doc made me feel so at ease and he was so reassuring that my chance of having cancer is so minuscule that I wished I had seen him much sooner than I did.
Waited half an hour to see him few weeks ago which is not bad compared to my GP's wait.
Dr Mak dealt with my concern in the most exceptional and respect ful way.
I thought he was very good.
One of a kind doctor.
One of the best Fertlity specialists.
Nice polite respectful doctor who really listens to my concerns.
Made correct diagnosis and was able to alleviate my pain and problem with perfect surgery.
Good polite doctor.
He did my surgery with less pain than I expected.
Also the scars were small and not really noticeable.
He struck me as being very smart and on the top of his game.
Dr Mak is a great doctor.
He was able to help me when my family doctor went as far as she could and was about to give up on me.
I am much better now thanks to Dr Mak.
I receive knowledge profession and attention medicine care from doctor.
good  place.
good doctor.
good  place.
good doctor.
Vasectomy went smoothly.
If you need a vasectomy go to this doc.
Dr Mak is a great doctor who provided me with expert care.
I really like him as a doctor.
Dr Mak is a top notch guy and doctor.
 I can't began to describe how much he has helped my urologi problem.
Thanks Dr Mak.
He is the worst doctor in this universe.
He is always rushing you, always saying uh huh when you haven't said anything and only talks about studies show.
he almost killed my father by rushing a procedure and infecting my fathers blood stream.
See him only if you want to get rid of a loved one.
I wish I could give less than 1 star.
I think this doctor is very very good.
Saw him twice.
He was good and completely excellent.
Very humble doctor; does not suffer from a god complex like so many doctors do.
I've recommended him to family and friends who need a caring urologist.
He is through, explains things clearly, and lets the patient have an active roll in their care.
Just celebrated 10 years anniversary of my kidney cancer surgery.
Last ct scan showed no cancer.
 Thanks Dr Mak from the bottom of my heart.
Dr Mak is a fabulous doctor.
I had problems with my bladder and was urinating a lot and could not hold my urine and wet myself.
my doctor, referred me to Dr Mak and after speaking with Dr Mak, he did tests and advised an olperation.
Dr Mak is amazing and knows how to translate his knowledge and correct the problem to the best of his knowledge taking the time out to explain to me if there could be any compliations, and thank God the operation went well.
Now, I've been doing very, very good without having to being wet.
I want to say thank Dr Mak and for your skills and help and for the success of the bladder lift sling.
I would recommend anyone with urologist problems to see him.
I was so stressed about my condition but after seeing Dr Victor Mak he was so good in helping and relieving my condition.
I was diagnosed with a bladder cancer.
Dr Mak was aware of  my health before I visited his office even.
The surgery went superly and the outcome was better than what I expected.
Recovery was really fast and almost painless.
 One of the best and professional doctors that I have ever seen in Canada.
I cannot put into words how grateful I am to Dr Victor Mak for his expert care of my condition.
He is the best doctor I know.
I had a good experience with this doctor.
 He was good and thorough.
His assistant nurses were also good and responsible.
Dr Mak savEd my life.
I will always be grateful to this wonderful doctor.
I always feel better after I've seen this amazing man.
Thanks Dr Mak for looking after my father.
He always says you are the best doctor with a kind heart.
Thank you Dr Mak from the bottom of my heart for saving my life.
 You are one in a million.
This doc took my miserable kidney stones pain away with expedited surgery.
He helped me a lot and I thought he really cared about me as a patient in extreme pain when I was in the emergency hospital room.
I'm so happy my doctor found Dr Mak to be my doctor.
He is professional know s his work and surgery he did help me lot.
I owe him a lot for helping me.
Best doctor I know.
This doctor did sling bladder operations on me.
Worked great.
Amazing doctor.
I am so fortunate to be under his care.
He diagnosed my cancer early and was able to totally remove it before it spread anywhere else.
8 years cancer free now from my kidney cancer.
Excellent doctor and staff.
I would highly recommend him for your Urology doctor.
If you need a urologist, you can't go wrong with this guy.
Mak is the best.
Way above average in terms of any doctor and I've been to a lot of doctors.
Dr Mak is polite with excellent bed side manner and just a very gifted individual.
Can't say enough good things about him.
I'm  really glad I have Dr Mak as my urology specialist.
He was genuinely interested in my problem.
He was straight to tell me my problem cannot be cured which I already knew but he can try to improve my suffering which true to his word he has.
I appreciate his genuine empathy.
Fantastic doctor.
Couldn't be happier with his care.
No complaints.
Staff understanding and helpful.
Dr Mak is a very good doctor.
He took me in right away after I explained to his staff that I was in a lot of pain from a kidney stone.
He booked me for surgery right away but thankfully he prescribed a rapid flow pill that helped me passed the stone so surgery was cancelled.
He also sent me for tests and recommended diet change.
So far after several years I haven't had another attack.
He is monitoring me regularly to check to make sure stones will not come back.
He is thorough.
Thanks to Dr Mak I just find out that my wife is pregnant confirmed by blood test by her doctor.
Mak did surgery on me and thanks to him my wife and me can have the family we always dreamed of always.
thansk Mak for being amazing doctor and miracle doctor.
Great doctor surgeon who also saved my life.
He is the best.
Dr Macs surgery on me worked amazing  I had hardly any pain and was back to work sooner than  expected.
Dr Mak to me is the perfect doctor and is a really nice human being.
Excellent staff punctual helpful knowledge.
Very impressed with his care.
This is a superb urology specialist.
Top rate doctor and human being.
Super doctor superb service nice and efficient staff.
Ecxellent best doctor urologist,So liucky he looked after me.
this doctor came highly recommended.
he is excellent.
Dr Mak cured my terrible kidney cancer with the keyhole way with small cuts.
Went home  after 2 days with hardly any hurting or pain.
6 years later I'm cancer free.
Dr Mak your amazing.
Very good doctor.
 I liked his bedside manner.
 He is very good.
I was very pleased with the medical attention I got from Dr Victor Mak.
I would recommend him to anyone needing medical attention with prostate problems.
I was very happy with my experience.
Eric purittI would recommmend him to anyone in the future.
Only issue was the parking lot was full when I had my appointment otherwise the doctor- Urologist and staff were pleasant.
Doctor Urologist Mak was conscientious and thoughtful and thorough.
The best infertility specialist urologist.
Helped me a lot.
This doctor is overbooked, and has 0 compassion for his patients.
 He is a liar and his office staff are rude and absolutely horrible.
 My minor elective surgery took 3 hours in the OR because he decided to add 2 exploratory procedures that led to post surgery complications.
 (I have had on news or info on what was found or why those procedures were added).
 I could not urinate after the surgery and I had to be catheterized twice.
 It would have been more times if I did not stand up to him.
 He kept telling nurses and doctors to take it out to see if I was no longer in retention, then if I was, well, just put it back in.
  I demanded a second opinion after the 5th day but he intervened and the other urologist refused to see me.
 No joke.
 He will not look you in the eyes, he will not answer your questions and he will LIE TO YOU CONSTANTLY.
DO NOT MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE AS ME.
DO NOT SEE THIS DOCTOR.
Consummate professional.
Polite, skilled doctor.
 Helpful staff too.
No complaints with him.
On time thorough seemed caring.
He is good.
Excellent staff, helpful doctor, excellent knowledge, punctual.
 Excellent experience with Dr Victor Mak.
 I highly recommend him without reservation.
Dr Mak is a great doctor.
He helped me so much and in so many ways.
Very decent man too.
My heart is full with gratitude for the super care Dr Mak give to my elderly father.
 I am positive that Dr Mak treat plan for him was with high and deep thinking and because of Dr Mak my father is still alive at over 80 years in age from Dr Mak's high skill in treating my father's lethal prostate cancer 8 years ago.
My whole family have high high gratitude for Dr Mak and pray he will live and honorable life.
Dr Mak is a very very good doctor with patience and professionalism, his team are the best staffs I ever met , I'm strongly recommend him.
No complaints.
Doctor and his office helpers good and respond to my concerns in a timely fashion.
 Bottom line I got better because of this doctor.
Dr Mak is not my doctor but my husband's.
He's extremely thorough and highly up to date with the latest information and treatment.
We really liked his bedside manner.
Let's just say he cured my husband's cancer with his impeccable surgery.
We very much would recommend him to anyone who needs a good urologist.
Diane and  Chris H..
Great doctor whom has compassion toward his patient and knowledge of the issue.
A lot of people complain about the long wait to see him, but this doc is focused and concentrated on solutions to problems.
He is very dedicated to his patients,Him and his staff make every effort to get you quick appointments from the specialist too.
Dr Chu has been my doctor for 25 year.
He is an experience professional that has provide much needed medical care to people of Thorncliffe.
Good listening skills.
By listening and not rushing I felt he made accurate diagnosis and prescription.
Great urologist.
looks after me and several of my family members with the best care and attention.
highly skilled surgery skills.
compassionate too and really cares about his patients.
I will forever be grateful to Dr Mak for the healing he gave me added many more years to my life.
Dr Mak is thorough in his diagnosis and treatment.
His demeanor is caring and thoughtful.
Staff need to be retrained to be sensitive to patiencts needs.
Always in a hurry.
I feel that My   current codition could of been better if I had been properly treated at first.
It is also very dificult if not imposible to get to talk to him in between visits even if you are having problenms and need advise.
Although Dr Mack's office is usually very busy I found him and his helpers to be helpful and approachable and good listeners to my concerns and questions.
The only thing is my operation did take a longer time to get booked because my condition was not cancer or anything threatening my life nevertheless I am grateful for the good results I got from the surgery he did on me.
I am very impressed with the care I got from Dr Victor Mak.
He had performed a radical prostatectomy on me because I was diagnosed with a deadly form of cancer in my prostate.
It went very, very well.
 I have minimal side-effects.
He and his staff helped me to get all the before surgery tests done fast and timely.
Dr Mak was attentively to my case and was sympathetic.
He is a very, very good doctor and human.
Exceptional doctor who saved my life.
I owe him so much.
The best dr I wished I saw him sooner as he fixed an issue no dr wanted or knew how to fix This dr is so experienced in his field even though my original urologist is good he sent me to this dr He amazing If I could give more stars I would KL.
Surgery was complication free and I healed up earlier than expected.
I made a full recovery and credit Dr Mak with saving my life.
He is an excellent doctor and took great care with me, I simply cannot believe what some of the other posts written on here are implying.
I definitely endorse Dr Mak as a urologist and doctor.
Thanks to Dr v mak for his care.
When it comes to infertility matters he knows what he is doing that I can guarantee you.
I am a 40 year old male and i had to get a cystoscopy, I was pretty worried about all the pain involved in the process, especially all the stuff i read on the net.
I must say it wasn't so bad at all I was sedated and all i remember is coming to the surgery room and the next thing i know was i woke up with my wife by my side, I felt no pain at all, however the first time i had to urinate after the procedure it burned a lot but the pain goes away in about a minute second time was much better.
It was a lot easier than i thought it would be.
Dr Mak is a real gentleman and scholar.
I was very pleased with his comprehensive care.
Dr Victor Mak is genuinely a good and compassionate healer.
He made sure that I understood my diagnosis and explained in detail how to treat it properly and was honest to detail me on newer and experimental treatments too.
 He even asked my permission to call my daughter to make sure I understand what he said.
I am thankful he is my doctor.
Dr Mak is absolutely professional, caring and knowledgeable.
It is obvious that while his office is hectic, his staff is fantastic.
They run a busy office and try their best for patients.
I could not ask for a better doctor with more empathy and skills.
I had a great result from the surgery he did on me.
Very pleased with the medical care I received for my kidney stone.
He also did my vasectomy years ago.
He is the only Urologist I want to go to as I told my GP.
Dr Mack is a life saver.
 He's the busiest doctor I have becoz he's the best.
Excellent excellent excellent excellent for top doctor.
Overall I had a very positive experience with Dr Mak.
 I did wait about 40 minutes to see him which was not bad compared to my family doctor who is also very good but wait time is 2 to 3 hours even for my GP.
Dr Mak was professional and thorough.
He knew his stuff in my opinion and made the right diagnosis for my physical medical problem.
He wants to leave surgery as last option if all else fails.
He was nice and approachable too.
I've had the good fortune of having a great family doctor who referred me to an equally great urologist, Dr Victor Mak.
He was and continues to be very much appreciated for his outstanding care of me.
I am filled with thanks that I was finally able to find a great urologist who takes my concerns seriously and who doesn't think I'm wasting their time.
 What a great doctor who listens and cares.
By doing this, he helped me a lot with the correct diagnosis and treatment.
 I am so fortunate to be his patient.
Thank this doktor for cure and heal my cancer of prostate.
Excellent urologist and staff.
They took me in without an appointment.
Great surgeon with the best bedside manner, and very caring.
I had my kidney stone removed and mak explained everything to me so patiently in terms I can understand.
Doing well now, largely thanks to mak.
Wonderful doctor.
He did a very nice surgery on our son.
Good manners too.
Staff I thought was helpful and I found Dr V mak was also help ful friendly and knew my diagnosis very good so he was able to treat my condition properly.
Overall I would highly recommend mak as urology specialist.
He is very good doctor.
People read and be ready.
Dr Mak is simply awesome.
He came in the middle of the night to remove my kidney stone which completely took away my pain which was the most painful thing in the world.
He was skilled and compassionate.
10 out of 5 for this awesome doc.
Excellent doctor.
I really like his bedside manner and work on me.
This doctor Went out of his way to really help me   Thanks.
to him I'm able to travel in this summer.
Very knowledgeable doctor for fertility problems.
He helped us out to have a baby.
Happy with everything he did for me.
Dr Mak did succeed surgical operation on me.
Very good & kind doctor.
Excellent doctor and staff.
 Very appreciated him.
Thank you Dr Mak for taking such good care of me.
You're the best doctor.
Excellent doctor and staff.
I don't live in Richmond Hill but never regret driving in to see him.
Dr Mak is a nice polite doctor easy to talk to knowledge high and did perfect surgery on me I couldn't ask for a better doctor.
I would give Dr Mak the award of the best doctor of the century.
  I was lucky to have Dr Mak  to perform my surgery,The secret to my awesome recovery is a doctor who is simply extraordinary.
 His contribution in my life is nothing short of magical.
 Thanks to a wonderful doctor who changed my destiny.
His staff are also very nice and kind that I never seen from the  other clinics.
I had a very good experience with Dr Mak and his secretarys.
I thought this doctor was experienced and professional.
I also thought his secretarys were nice and helping.
I think Dr Mak is great good doctor.
This doctor is excellent and caring and compassionate.
Recommend him highly.
Found him to be thoughtful, smart and caring.
He came highly recommended by my family doctor.
Good bedside manner too.
This doctor is impossible to reach.
Very very busy but good doctor.
He is attentive.
Just a wonderful doctor.
I was very lucky to have this doc on duty in the emergency room.
He saved my kidney from kidney failure.
He is smart and really cares about his patients.
Excellent doctor staff knowledgeable.
Thanks for the help.
My father is recent immigrant with very serious urology problem.
 We are so lucky Dr Mak is caring after him.
My father has see an urologist back home and another urolgoist in canada who missdiagnosed him or maybe just not know or seen much about rare problem , how ever Dr Mak make the correct diagnosis even though my father has very unique and rare condition.
He is nodoubt one of the finest urology specialists in the world.
He is amazingly nice friendly and approachable doctor and person who cares deep for not only his patients but also their families' concernings.
Most top rate for the Dr Mak as urologist and human being.
Experienced and up to date with latest new treatments.
Conservative and did not rush my surgery.
But when I did finally need surgery he explained everything in detail and was patient to answer my questions and reassuring.
An exceptional doctor and human being.
I would NOT recommend this doctor.
My father is being treated for cancer and he is always trying to talk less and rush you out.
Communication skills very poor - does not give much information voluntarily and he mumbles while talking.
Asks questions already recorded on the doctor's chart (he should read).
No compassion whatsoever.
Very indecisive - we tried several treatments with no success and always unexpected surprises.
Just running around in circles and with no progress.
He recommended to try out a drug which he forgot we already tried out 11 months ago.
I suspect a recent emergency case was a result of his mishandling - slow indecisiveness combined with wrong diagnosis - but I am still getting the facts to be fair.
Always late on appointments.
Nowhere to sit in his office.
His office is falling apart too.
He seems very much in demand probably because there is a shortage of urologists.
Secretary is ok though, at least has patience.
Very , very happy with this doc's care.
 The best urologist.
Dr Victor Mak is an exceptional doctor.
He has been treating my son who really likes him too.
He is knowledgeable and patient with my son.
He explains things in detail and even makes drawings to help us understand.
He didn't push for my son to have an operation like another doctor and things have improved with creams Dr Mak prescribed.
Thank you Dr Mak.
Excellent urologist.
Simply the best.
I saw other urologists before who were okay.
But Dr Mak did the best job for my problem.
Words cannot express how much I appreciate the care I received and continue to receive from Dr V..
He is truly one of a kind doctor.
I highly recommend him as a urologist of the highest quality and have done so to any of my friends and family in need of a urologist knowing they, like I, will get the utmost care and respect.
Words cannot express how grateful I am to Dr Mak for helping me.
Best doctor by far.
Doc Mak is nice but his receptionist is terrible, rude and irresponsible.
Be prepared to wait up to 5 hours to see this doctor, and be prepared to stand out in the hall because the waiting room is full.
When he recommends a patient see him for cancer checks every 3 months,his staff will book you for 6 months out and treat you terribly.
 In fact his staff treat everyone terribly.
 His methods are outdated compared to other urologists in that there are far less invasive, painful and quicker treatments that are newer and more effective.
 We left as soon as we found a better urologist.
If you're good then you're good and Dr Mak is definitely a very good doctor and urologist.
We my wife and I had a good experience with the doctor.
He is very very good man and doctor.
Dr Mak is a gifted doctor.
He is always compassionate and listens the my problems without being judgemental.
He is patient and kind and I never feel rushed.
He is very diligent in his approach.
I didn't have a life threatening problem but his surgery helped me a lot.
He is a great surgeon.
No problem with this doctor.
Thought he was really good and respectful towards my problem.
Good caring excellent knowledge top urologist very good staff too.
Very good doctor who is patient, respectful and caring and up to date with knowledge.
He understands what a patient goes through.
Would highly recommend him.
Thank you doctor saved my life.
I will always thank this doctor.
The best doctor.
I love this doctor.
 He is the best.
Doctor surgery on  me highly success.
Doctor is best.
Such a great Dr Would recommend him to any and everybody.
The Dr Is an absolute a delight.
He always makes you comfortable no matter what your ailment is.
Highly recommended, highly favoured.
Indeed Doctor Malebane you are blessing to all your patients, i have never met such a humble, caring doctor, someone who listens and has time to respond to all our concerns.
What amazes me is that he was communicating with me in shangaan.
I remember when i went in labour the words he said swita lungha sesi and surely everything went well.
May the the Lord continue to bless you,from the beginning until delivery you were there.
I am grateful, God bless you and your family.
Dr Malebane the number one Doctor he helped me with my first pregnancy,Siyabonga was pre mature now 7 years of age, I stongly believe he will make sure the second one will also be positively and possibly fit,I have no doubts, God bless you always.
Dr Malebane is the best.
I stayed in Johannesburg for 10 years and he has been the most wonderful doctor ever.
When you go for checkups he speaks to you as if he has known you for years.
This made me feel comfortable.
He answers questions before you ask.
He always makes sure you learn something.
I have now been in Pretoria for 3 years and I still cannot find a wonderful gyny who does not make you feel like a number.
So, I have decided I am going back to him, no matter how far.
I would like to say to him thank you so much.
It shows you are passionate about what you do.
May the Lord Almighty keep showering you with blessings.
Kind regards Julia Maleka.
Doesn't bother getting back to you.
Don't waste your time or money.
I'm struggling so much to find a gynae as amazing as he was.
Someone please tell me he's considering coming back because he was amazing.
I was blessed enough to have met him during my first pregnancy 2017 and he made the whole journey so easy and worthwhile.
I pray God continues to bless and protect this amazing soul.
The best Doctor I have ever been too.
the most amazing 1st birth experience thanks to Dr Malebane, I will forever be greatful for all that you did for me.
he's a good doctor period,very helpful,he's got time for his patients and he's very,he always assure one that everything is fine.
Best at what he does.
Excellent with people's skills.
Takes time with his patients and makes sure he educates you.
Would recommend him to anyone.
Dr Malebane is easily the best Gynaechologist I've ever come across.
I've heard people complain about the lack of assistance or support their gynae's were unable to give and Dr Malebane is the total opposite, at some point one forgets that they are having a consultation.
I pray God keeps right up until I am able to have children of my own, you're indeed a God sent.
My first consultation with him was amazing that was in 2013 then I lost the baby.
He even called me to make sure that I'm okay.
Then in 2015 we started the journey again.
& he was surprised to see me going back to him after losing the baby.
What I love most about him is he puts God first.
He made me feel so comfortable until the last day.
Keep up the good work DrModimo a re baballe wena.
He was not just a doctor, a God sent.
His passion for his patients surpassed the tag.
I felt valued and always treated as I was his only patient that needed extra attention, never in a hurry to see the next patient.
I wonder if I will ever find such a complete all rounder.
He's humility is priceless.
May you stay blessed and bless other in your new journey.
Oh and thanks to your family especially madam.
Ohoo the way was so heart broken when I was told you retired Ntate Malebane.
He delivered Kago my son.
I don't think I can have another child without his care.
I'm glad I met him, God's own angel on earth.
Kea month rata ka lerato la love, awesome professional,humble doctor I have ever met in my life,you must be blessed always as you love what you do and it shows in every visit.
I had my son Hlokomelo 2008,and the service I received from Ntate Malebane was amazing,He is knowledgeable and he is not only a Doctor ,but a friend, I had a rough patch during my pregnancy and from the time I met him and told him my worries and fears all just disappeared,I enjoyed my pregnancy and thanks to Ntate Malebane.
Warm reception,Attentive,very pleasant and knowledgable,I recommend him whole heatedly.
hes very kind and easy to communicate very friendly and knows what he is doing i wouldnt mind having another baby using the same gyne.
Dr Malebane is such warm, kind, knowledgeable individual and his passionate about his work.
I am very honored to have him as a Dr And will recommend him to every woman I know.
As first time mom at an advanced age I had fears and he comforted that he will be through out.
My son made an early arrival by two months and the support that I received from Dr Malebane and his team was amazing.
What impresses me the most is that he calls my partner, me and the baby by our first names and insisted on us sending him photos of the baby.
He personally replied on the email with the most beautiful message for my son.
May the good Lord richly bless you and give you strength in all you do.
He delivered all my three children.
Angel walking on earth, he is such a gift.
He is polite , patient and easy to talk to.
he is the BEST Gynecologist ever.
stay blessed.
I have found the good doctor to be quite knowledgeable and polite, however not easily accessible outside of consultation.
I find that there are often off the cuff questions one may have between consultations, that can easily be answered via email- I got no response to my emails.
I do also think he is a bit on the expensive side.
Dr Malebane is the best doctor alive, I totally can't stop raving about him to everyone, I'm not an easy patient cos I am very critical of evey little thing, so when I got pregnant I was very worried about the pregnancy going well and I knew I needed to find a super gynea who would ease my worries and Dr Malebane was that and more.
He treats you like you are the only patient he has,you are not just a number him.
Me and my husband we totally loved him and would recommend him to every woman alive.
I truly wish he was some kind of a superbeing and could be all kinds of doctors in one hahaha.
I wish he cud be a paediatrician, a GP, etc hahaha cos i keep comparing every doctor to him.
I wish him all that is great in life.
He is great.
he is the best doctor I ever have,he help me a lots,and God bless You my Doctor.
Hi, I had an awesome experiance during my antenatal visits at Dr Malebane's.
He is very friendly, highly knowledgeable and great personality.
His staff is helpful and professional-always welcoming with the smile.
Well done Matlhogonolo and team , keep up the GREAT job.
Thanks for teaching me the difference between Fact and Faith: Fact is when any ordinary doctor diagnoses illness in a report.
Faith is when good doctors like you give their patients the strength to carry on.
Never in a million years did I think I would be able to bring a baby into this world.
Your reassurance carried me throughout my pregnancy months.
On the day of my deliver I was an ordinary patient of ordinary means but you and your team especially Sister Ruth, took care of me as if I was the most important person on earth.
Again my apologies for making you work on Fathers Day :).
Dr Malebane is a God send, he treated me as if i was his only patient, he was very supportive and safely delivered my baby boy ( Botshelo) in Nov 2012 and even today he still remembers me when I call his practice.
Thank you Dr Malebane may the good Lord keep u safe and continue to bless u so you can be a blessing to us.
All the best.
Dr Malebane is really a blessing, I am enjoying every moment of my pregnancy and my fiance is sooooo impressed with his service.
With Dr Malebane, you more than just a patient, you are family.
God Bless him Always.
He is a great Doctor.
Very patient and thorough.
It is clear see that he is very passionate about his job.
His office staff is also very nice and welcoming.
Im so disappointed he is the best doctor ever, someone who really loved what he was doing.
I am stressed out now cause i actually wanted to book an appointment for this week 2nd bby on the way.
kindly recommend someone.
Atlist i will feel safe in their hands knowing they were recommended by you.
Dr Malebane is amazing and My pregnacy was not easy , I had a lot of complications and I was so scared that I would lose my baby girls.
But Dr Malebane reassured me that my daughter will survive and yes she did.
She is three years old now and she is a very healthy and a happy baby.
All thanks to Dr Malebane.
May the Almighty bless him and give him many more years to live so that he can be there on my second child's birth.
What a lovely great Dr, I'm 21years and recently decided to get things checked out and the idea of a gynecologist let alone having a Male one pretty much terrified me.
But his easy going, sense of humor nature really made me at ease with the procedures.
I recommend him to anyone and you guaranteed excellent service, someone who will make you comfortable, helps with all the answers to your questions and leave with a smile on your face.
May God continue blessing you Doc and may you stick around to help other first timers to the gyne.
We thank God for Dr Malebane.
He has helped us through a difficult journey and we are now blessed with a 6 month old beautiful baby girl all thanks and praise to God who was guiding Dr Malebane throughout our journey.
I have recommended him to all my friends and family.
He's staff is very helpful with whatever you need, the knowledge that Dr Malebane shares with you is just so amazing and he makes sure that you understands and confortable with everything.
I pray that God keeps you for us and please do not retire.
at least until I'm done with my family :) Words cannot describe how grateful we are to have met you.
God bless you and your family.
He is absolutely amazing very polite and helpful always, May God protect him for us and I pray he does not retire anytime soon.
We Love You Doctor.
If every doctor strives to be as caring and generous as you, the world would be filled with smiles and laughter instead of pain and sorrow.
I remember when i was in labour you said swita lungha sesiand surely everything went well,Thanks for everything doc and God bless you.
Wow, Dr Malebane is amazing.
He safely delivered my boy Gosiame and I must say that we are impressed.
My husband is comfortable and they get along, he gives you full attention as if you are the only patient in his practice.
He made our journey a delight from first consultation up to delivery.
I speak God's blessings upon his life.
He is a wonderful gynae makes you feel at home,He gives you time and very interested in his you and the baby I wouldnt mind having the same gynae for the second time,I was actually sad after my six weeks visit because i knew it was my last visit.
He is very kind and knows his work.
I would recommend him anytime.
Dr Malebane is an incredible doctor with so much dedication and tenacity for his profession.
The only practice where I don't feel like a number but a valued client.
From the first person you are in contact with to the Doctor, the service is exceptional,Keep up the great work.
I am honored to give some words about Dr M Malebane and his practice.
My name is Jabulile Sangweni and Dr Malebane is my gynecologist since from 2009.
I hv seen him for annual checkups, ultrasounds and two C section,he delivered my two beautiful girls, He trully is the superb gynecologist, also his staff is wonderful at his office they are very professional, friendly and helpful,Thank you from the bottom of my heart.
I can't stop bragging about you to everyone I know Lol.
I am so heart broken, just don't know where to start looking for another Doctor.
He was the best , God sent and made one feel safe.
He was more than a Doctor , a true angel sent by God.
Will forever begreat full.
Just pray he comes back again.
What an awesome experience I had with Dr Malebane.
I recently gave birth to a baby boy and Doctor Malebane was so helpful to me and my family.
Each time I had an appointment with him, was looking forward to it because of his excellent human relations skills.
I wish all doctors were like him.
May God bless him and his family and increase him in every area of his life.
This man is just so amazing like I have never felt so comfortable during such and uncomfortable time,He was forever smiling and patient and certainly helpful,I would recommend him to any woman he is truelly the epitome of professional.
I went to Dr Malebane for second opinion as there was a suspicion by the first Doctor that I might be having bladder problems, the service that I got starting at the reception was exceptional, KEEP THE GOOD WORK UP.
So knowledgeable with out of.
Truly a God sent.
There is so much I can say about Dr Malebane but the thing that stands out for me is the genuine care and support he has for his patients.
I had many fears about my pregnancy and the health of my child.
I was able to speak to him about these and the advise I got from our many talks has helped me tremendously.
One other instance my partner and I will never forget is when during his afternoon rounds, a day after I gave birth in July 2015, he asked where my partner was and I mentioned that he just left the hospital and was actually involved in a car accident not far from the hospital.
He WENT to the scene to check on my partner and offered help where he could.
I don't have enough praises that can truly express our gratitude for this angel.
it is said that 'Modern day angels don't have wings and halos but are ordinary people like you and I' and I believe he is one.
Thank you Dr for all that you've done for me and my family.
Best OBGYN ever.
Had my first child last year (July).
Was one of his last patients before he retired.
Am now struggling to find another gynaecologist cause he was that good.
So knowledgeable with out of this world people skills.
My first consultation at his rooms in Mulbarton Netcare was just out of this world,I felt like I had been there for months,so as his PA,wow well mannered nd very welcoming.
As for Dr Malebane,wat a jolly,down to earth human being,am looking forward to more of my check ups with them,people like them are rare in dis selfish world we live in nowadays,God protect him nd his stuff for years to come.
Dr Malebane is an amazing truly awesum doctor, he knows exactly what his talking about and has a lot of exprience in his field, very humble and down to earth gynae, he takes his time with you as a patient, and makes sure you happy and understand the process, he is every women's dream gynae.
I would recommend him to every women alive.
He was sent by God and we pray that one day he will go back and practice again not specificaly for us but for our brothers and sisters.
You are the best and Thank you so much Dr..
Dr Malebane is truly ordained by the Lord.
To him being a Dr is a calling not just a career.
He is forever smiling and you come out feeling much better no matter regardless of your ailment.
God bless him more.
Dr Malebane what an amazing doctor he is.
My new born baby passed away after delivery in 2007 and the support that he offered was out of this world.
I now have an amazing 6 year old that was delivered the following year thanks to his medical expertise.
FANTASTIC doctor.
A genuinely humble and professional Dr who is warm, patient and attentive.
Takes the time to get to know his patients.
I'm so sad that you have retired.
I remember during my last visits in 2014,i told him that I will see him again in 2018, he just laughed nd said he would be retired.
I tried calling his suites but no answer then I came here to check only to find out that it is true he has ritered.
My heart is so broken.
I don't know which gyno I will see.
The one who is kind, loving nd patient as him,you are missed doctor.
Nd I'm glad I named my child after you, he will always remind me of how passionate you were with your work.
May God grant you many blessings nd your family is very lucky to have.
He's the best doctor.
Down to earth and helpful may the good lord bless him.
Dr Mathlogonolo Malebane amazingly gives his time and gift to his patience, very passionate at his work.
He has been blessed with wisdom and knows the importance of speaking life to his patience.
Great advices,understanding and knowlegeable.
May the Lord keep you safe.
Proud of you.
Yooh i cant believe he has retired and i wont be able to get medical care from him again , im actually sad about this whole thing but im greatful i got to meet such a wonderful human being.
i had the privilegde of having him take care of me in both my pregnancies and both my babies are doing well omphile botshelo and noluthando,Thank you DR wherever you are and may GOD richly bless you and your family.
So warm and makes you feel comfortable.
Like his humanity and not rigid like most doctors.
Keep up the good work.
On my 2nd consultation with you I literally had to look over your scripts to see if u perhaps had written down my child's name including Kutlwano who had passed on but no they were in your head.
You really humbled me that day & I was so in tears.
Your humilty, kindness, compassion and love still shocks me today.
My husband & I will forever be grateful for safely delivering our 4.4 kg baby.
You will succeed in all you do because of the good seed you've planted in many people's lives.
God bless you.
A very good and patient Drloving his job and doing it wit passion,God bless u.will forever b grateful.
As a first tym mother delivering my first born last year.
What a caring Dr..
One of the best DRs I've ever been to.
Patient , kind and really pays attention to details.
Its really sad that he will no longer be practicing, we are loosing a GEM in this man.
We really wish you all best and God continue to bless you and your family.
Me and my husband looked forward to our monthly visits.
My husband was proud to say OUR gynae.
He looked more excited to see us and made us feel like we having this the baby together.
Yet to see a cabinet as decorated an the one in his office with thankful families.
What an inspiration and gift you've been.
Dr Malebane you are such a blessing he delivered my baby gal in 2011 but even now when i call and say i'm Marcia he remember's very well ,he's so welcoming he made me feel so special u are just great.
This Doctor is my second hubby and he knows it.
I'm ever so grateful for his gift or caring.
May he be blessed.
I can't find any guyne that I would be so free to ask any questions.
He helped when others couldn't.
I wish he could 're consider his decision.
You are indeed missed.
Best ever never forgert 2018 8 may,Delivered healthy baby girl All went smooth.
The greatest Gynae EVER.
I would not have any other doctor deliver my baby other than him.
Sweet, funny, helpful.
I do appreciate his service en I recommend him as the best gynaecologist may god renew his strength everyday.
I give him 100% x billions.
I met Dr Malebane under life threatening circumstances,though my baby didn't make it but I have had the best care and hospitality from Dr Malebane and his team.
This was back in 2010 but I still remember the support I received.
I don't now where to start I can write a book about the excellent job that DR Malebane is doing.
I always tell my friends about him, I am happy one of my took my advice she is now a patient of the Good DR Aka MR Malebane.
Keep up the good job Sir, God must give you many more years so that you help more woman.
I also tell all the woman who want to have a bundle of joy a Baby, they must read Hebrew 11 as you where always telling that I must have faith to god, I now happy with my hubby with our little naughty boy Obakeng.
Dr Majewski and his staff are extremely professional.
Punctuality is extremely important to me and I have never been kept waiting.
Dr Majeweski is extremely knowledgeable and I have seen significant results.
Great Doctor and staff.
 Excellent treatment for diabetic care.
Two great and convenient locations Aspen Hill and Germantown.
My first visit in year to a podiatrist.
 Very pleased with how i was treated and the attention that was paid to my issues and concerns.
He is awsome look forward to coming back.
Office waiting room was a bit small.
Dr Majewski is always warm, compasionate and welcoming when my husband and I see him for regular appointments and treatments.
 He has helpful suggestions on foot care going forward and how to avoid potential problems.
 There is minimal wait time for appointments and the staff is helpful and courteous.
I'm being treated for very painful plantar fasciitis.
Dr Majewski is thorough and patient.
He shares his knowledge, treats my condition, and understands my pain.
I've made great progress the past six weeks.
 His staff is professional and friendly.
I'm so glad my primary care doctor recommended Dr Majewski.
I came early to my appointment and was able to go in early and go to my next appointment.
I have had thick toe nails for at least 20 years or more.
I've tried the pills and the topical treatments, but always end up being disappointed with the results.
Since I've been coming to Dr Majewski, the toe nail problem is gone.
I have seen excellent results from his treatment plan.
Also, the entire staffvis top notch.
The office staff are always friendly and helpful.
I have not had to wait long to see the Dr Dr Majewski really cares about his patients.
He takes time to explain things thoroughly and always finds a way to get me to relax and often makes me laugh.
I am an avid soccer player and had been having a lot of pain in my big toe when I was running.
He performend surgery almost a year ago to remove the bone spur and my toe has been pain free since.
My wait is usually not long,  staff is polite and Dr Majewski has always been knowledgeable about my condition.
I am truly impressed with my feet.
I see a difference already.
Dr Majewski is a good doctor.
Very satisfied with the professional attention and advise.
the staff was very professional and friendly.
Dr Majewski addressed my needs and made sure I had no questions before I left.
Wonderful Doctor and staff.
I highly recommend.
I have had a fungus problem for quite some time, and Dr Majewski assured me he could treat the problem.
The results have been as advertised.
No pain, and the fungus is disappearing.
I thank him and his staff for their professionalism and confidence, making me glad I chose the right doctor.
I used Dr Majewski's advise on snipping two ligaments out of the three on the bottom of my left foot, as a solution for my my acute plantar fasciatis.
Weeks and several months after the operation, I complained about continued terrible pain on the base of my foot (the plantar issue), but also that I now felt a new painful bump on the front metatarsal area of that foot.
During my several visits, Dr Majewski did not as much as even touch my foot, remaining 4-5 feet away for only a visual inspection of it.
I don't even know why I bothered to even take my shoes and socks off.
He is NOT a hands-on doctor and I certainly did not feel that he had any concern for my recovery.
I gave-up on him, and went to another doctor, had lots of therapy on my foot, and only after 2 years, I can somewhat use my foot normally now, but not without pain.
I am told, Dr Majewski should have snipped one of my ligaments, not two of them at once.
I strongly do NOT recommend him for anyone with a major condition.
Friendly staff, cutting edge technology and effective.
I had toe nail fungus (Onychomycosis) for 40 years.
I am being treated, now, with laser technology.
The new nails are growing in healthy.
It takes a few months and a few visits, but the Living Social coupon makes it totally worth it.
In a few months, I'll say goodbye, forever, to my toenail fungus.
When I came to the office , I was afraid at first but then the people were so friendly and help my experience.
Courteous staff and wonderful office environment.
Dr Majewski knew exactly why my pinky toenail came off before I could tell him.
Will come back next month for my second laser treatment.
Very friendly people.
Doctor is very patient with our communitcate through writing.
Great staff and doctor.
I've had two foot surgeries with them without any problems.
Dr Majewski, Excellent, very Efficient and Professional.
I would highly Recommend Him.
Good, friendly office staff.
Took a little longer than expected to wait, but probably because they were processing new patient paperwork.
The doc took care of my ingrown toenail and so far, I think it is fine.
I made a followup appt in two weeks.
Always punctual.
office staff super sweet yet professional.
My toes look 100% better.
Dr Majewski diagnosed and treated a potentially debilitating infection in my foot.
The problem was cleared up in a week, with no recurrence for two years.
Highly professional treatment with everything clearly explained.
successfully laser treated my toe nail fungus, which had resisted every other treatment.
 He has also treated an ingrown and infected nail.
He is an excellent podiatrist with a kind and gentle approach to patients.
 His staff are competent, professional, and friendly.
 I highly recommend him to anyone with foot issues.
Was very pleased with them.
They were very good with my 12 year old daughter.
I will always go see Dr Majewski for any podiatry issues.
His staff are very friendly.
Today I visited Dr Majewski's practice for the first time, at the Germantown location.
I have had pain in my foot for weeks now, and my orthopedic doctor recommended I see a podiatrist.
I was pleased with the office, as it was warm and inviting.
The two young ladies at the front desk were very friendly and helpful.
A third young lady took me to the exam room and asked about my injury, and she also explained what would happen during the visit.
Dr Majewski's was also very friendly and clearly explained the possible causes of my foot pain and the next steps necessary.
He also took the time to answer my questions, as I can be a bit neurotic about medical care and just don't want to make the pain worse, but I am anxious to get back to my active lifestyle.
I have not been sidelined by anything for this long since having cancer in 2006, so I am really looking forward to getting back on both of my feet.
Dr Majewski is excellent.
However, his appointment staff needs to inform any patient where his/her appointment was made (Dr Majewski also has use of an office in Silver Spring and both offices use the same phone number).
I was greatly inconvenienced after arriving at one office only to learn my appt.
 was scheduled at his other office.
Dr Chris Majewski saw me for only 3 minutes and prescribed a pain killer to treat my pain on my foot.
He charged me $117.00 from my own pocket and he charged my insurance company for $2300.00 for the service he did not do.
It is so disappointing to see a doctor did such a thing.
I am so happy to have found Dr Majewski.
He is kind and attentive, and his staff is as well.
I was looking for a podiatrist who could not only could handle any medical problems with my feet but also help eradicate an embarrassing cosmetic problem, toenail fungus.
At a very reasonable cost, he offers a quick, state-of-the-art laser that kills the fungus with minimal to no discomfort.
And he has put together a kit of helpful home care products that will serve as my best shot at keeping it from coming back.
I have done a lot of research on this problem and he offers the most thorough solution I've found.
I have just gotten started and already see impressive results.
I cannot be more grateful.
I used Dr Majewski's office for surgery on my bunion.
Several months after the surgery, I was very pleased, I can now train for this marathon.
During my postoperative visits, Dr Majewski was careful and considerate.
He is an excellent doctor and I am very pleased with this result.
Dr Majewski and his staff are spot on in customer service and providing great treatment.
I strongly recommend their services.
Dr Majewski was very knowledgeable and provided very constructive input towards care of my feet.
Staff was welcoming and accommodating.
Dr Majewski and staff are very professional, clean and comfortable environment.
He also has written multiple books a true expert in the field.
Pretty straight forward appointment.
 On time for 2:5 laser treatments for toe nail coodies.
 Would definitely recommend, but even being in the medical profession myself - this is not something we  share with each other.
 Given the opportunity would definitely recommend.
I used to see Dr Footer until he retired; glad I was able to find a doc just as good if not better.
Dr Majewski and his staff are both friendly and professional.
 They helped me feel at ease with my treatment plan.
Everyone was very nice to me.
 And we talked a lot about fun topics and they kept me very entertained when I was getting my treatment.
Very pleasant and nice doctorStaff was very nice.
I too cam for toe nail fungus.
Practical straightforward approach that includes the necessary home follow up care that is required to prevent reinfection.
Outstanding customer support.
Very friendly and knowledgeable staff - I highly recommend Dr Majewski.
He makes time for you and thoroughly answers your questions.
What a terrible experience.
 I spent $200 on three sessions of Laser toenail fungus removal, and unfortunately, GWAP only honored one session.
 When I attended my first session, the office assistant assured me that the first treatment had to be started before the coupon expired.
 However, when I tried to book the second treatment, they had changed their story.
 The staff - especially the female that answers and responds to phone calls might be the rudest receptionist I have ever encountered.
 She just talks on top of you - louder and faster - as you are trying to speak.
 When I told her I paid for 3 sessions and I wanted the remaining two, she told me I got more than my money's worth from the first session, as laser treatment for ONE TOE costs over $700.
 I have NEVER been treated like this in a professional setting.
 I can't believe they are still in business.
This so-called doctor is running a scam.
I have been to prior podiatrist and have neve lr enjoye f my experience as I had coming to this office.
Staff was courtesy and the doctor eas absolutely amazing.
He was upfront, he's in it to really help people and have there both feet forward.
I am so hlad i found him.
He is knowledgeable and friendly.
He has youbin and out of the office in no time, and is open to questions.
I am so pleased so far.
Prices you cannot beat even though I have insurance, he is by far cheaper then others.
Dr Majewski's was able to take care of the problems I had on my feet.
Also suggested ointment I can also used.
Staff was excellent in getting my referral also contacting my insurance.
Great overall experince.
I have been to other podiatrists and i am so pleased to find one so upfront and helpful.
He is kind and compassionate about his work.
 My visits have been easy to schedule and I am in ans oit before I know it.
I epuld hoghly recommended him.
Dr Majewski knows things about feet that you'll never hear about in other podiatrists' offices.
He's an excellent doctor and a nice guy as well.
I have been to see Dr Majewski a couple of times this year and found him to be very thorough and helpful in treating my feet.
Being a juvenile diabetic for almost 50 years requires me to always be assured my feet are being treated and evaluated routinely.
I would recommend him to anyone needing attention with their feet.
Been using Dr Majewski for several months now, very knowledgable, treatments were spot on.
Would highly recommend him.
Each time I've come they have been really accommodating and particularly helpful.
My only con is the location is so far from DC but the service is exceptional.
Great place and Dr's office.
The staff was super nice.
Very pleasant experience.
The staff is happy and positive.
Dr Majewski was educational and helpful.
First time visit.
Staff very professional and helpful.
Dr Majewski took the the time to explain my condition, immediate and long term treatment options along with anticipated success and failure for each option.
Very knowledgeable & informal.
Always on time, never had to wait to be seen.
Dr Majewski was so gentle, kind, and funny.
I really appreciate his willingness to work with me in choosing a treatment plan that I was comfortable with.
Unlike another podiatrist who looked down on me when I refused a steroid shot, Dr Majewski respected my concerns and worked with me to help me achieve healthy pain-free feet without steroids.
Dr  Majewski is a great doctor that helped me a lot.
 He takes his time answering your questions and leaves no question marks.
 Go see him if you need.
  He is an Amazon doctor and person.
So far I've been coming to this office for the 4th time and the front staff is very friendly.
My first visit with the Dr was very knowledgeable and directed me to what needs to be done with my condition.
I will def recommend this podiatrist to anyone.
Excellent customer service; answers all questions;   great medical knowledge about feet.
Very, very happy, and thank you for everything.
I needed a new podiatrist to see and I am so glad I visited Dr Majewski.
The office staff is very friendly and the couches in the waiting room make it the most comfortable waiting room of any physician office I have ever seen.
Dr Majewski is extremely friendly and answered all my questions I had immediately.
He gave me recommendations that no other doctor could give me.
Wonderful experience.
We need more doctors like him.
Dr Majestic was excellent at explaining all that needed to be done by himself as well as myself to get rid of toe fungus.
He made it clear it would take a year at least and continuous work on my part at home to keep it away.
I am about to get my second laser treatment, which is painless and feels like a blast of cold air on your toe.
Every patient's worst nightmare is being late to an appointment and not being able to be seen.
Well I can happily say that Dr Majewski is one of the few doctors out there who understands that sometimes we all run late.
His staff was super friendly and knowledgeable.
I would definitely recommend him to any of my friends and family.
Dr Majewski's practice is very professional.
 I feel very comfortable about everything he says an recommends.
Extremley sleezy operation.
Offers movie tickets and gas cards in return for a 5 star rating.
Oh my goodness.
I went for orthotic inserts and while I was there I was reading Dr Majewski's material and found out that he did laser treatment for fungus on toe nails.
I was researching it and was wanting to try it.
They have a special going on right now that made it affordable for me.
What a blessing that was.
So, I started my first laser treatment today.
The special is for 5 treatments for $99.
He is doing it so he can make it affordable to as many people as possible.
What a blessing he is.
I am so thrilled.
Got to try him out.
He also has a goodie bag you get when you enter the office for the first time.
Pick up the phone an call him for an appointment.
I found him on the internet while I was looking for someone who knew that orthotics would help straighten the body and help with knee problems.
Readjusting how your feet are planted on the ground has a direct affect on how your knees receive pressure.
I love Dr Majewski and his staff.
I'm a new patient and I will continue to be his patient.
The doctor explains everything that is going to be done during your visit and answers any questions you might have.
He takes time with you and you don't feel rushed.
Dr Majawski was so nice and comprehensive.
Really worth the time spent here.
Fantastic doctor.
Fixed my nagging achilles problem and nail fungus.
Very knowledgeable and easy to talk to.
Great staff.
No wait and has wverything you need onsite.
Favorite Dr..
Dr Majewski is exceptionally patient focused and is willing to take the time to explain procedures as well as answer my questions.
This is a rare trait with doctors now a days and was much appreciated.
The doctor n his staff were friendly, patient,  experienced.
I appreciated having all my questions answered n will definitively recommend them to others.
Dr Majewski immediately helped me with my foot pain and problems.
Dr Majewski and his staff are the absolute best.
I have struggled with nail problems my entire adult life.
Since I became a patient I no longer experience these issues.
The staff is always polite and helpful especially when helping with in office purchases.
First impression matters in everything.
It was my first visit and the doctor and staff were friendly and very professional.
My medical questions were kindly answered too.
I am very happy because my feet discomfort will be taken care of.
Very informative and knowable.
Staff was friendly.
Doctor was on on time and provided quality treatment.
Will be back and will recommend to others.
The doctors office was great.
Staff was very friendly and helpful.
My visit was short, concise, and the staff were very personable.
 One of the nicest offices I've been to.
Awesome staff and great doctor.
Everytime is always pleasant.
Efficient and very punctual.
Excellent book about diabetic foot care written by Dr Majewski, who has great expertise with all problems concerning your feet.
The staff was very friendly and Dr Majewski was knowledgable and took the time to explain to me what was going on with my achilles tendon and what my options were.
Very satisfied with my visits.
 Writing now just to getting to 50 characters.
 Its raining outside now.
I came to Dr Majewski about my fungal nails.
He told me I should do three laser treatments and I have seen some great results from the treatment.
Dr Juice is very nice and helpful.
The two young ladies that do my laser treatment are always very nice and comforting.
I would definitely recommend this place.
Dr Majewski knows his craft and makes patients of all ages feel safe and comfortable.
He is a godsend.
I had a great experience for my first visit.
I have been experiencing heel pain for about 6 months.
Dr Majewski and his staff were friendly, punctual, and knowledgeable.
I felt completely comfortable visiting this office for the first time.
The staff explained everything I would be receiving, and all procedural steps, even trying to proactively save me time explaining I could fill out my new patient packet a head of time.
I will be returning to and recommending their practice.
Dr Majewski charged me for over $2300.00 for a 3min office visit.
I contacted his office for many times and his staff just could not resolve this issue.
He has a contractor named Sue and she promised me she will return me the money.
But Sue somehow disappeared after the phone call.
I called her and left her massages and he is just not available.
What's going on here.
Why a doctor treat his patient this way?
 If it is an error, you should correct it.
But all his staff just try to get away and unresponsive to this issue.
Could somebody provide suggestion on how I should deal with them?
Pleasant office and pleasant staff.
 My foot feels better.
Dr Majewski is courteous, knowledgeable, helpful, encouraging and very professional.
 I especially appreciate his advice to be patient.
Not helpful at all.
Not responsible.
Only care about how much patient he will see, don't provide the quality care.
Everyone is very nice and knowledgable.
I have always been seen on time.
The staff is always friendly and greets you with a smile every time I visit.
I never have to wait to be seen.
If your appointment is for 10:30 you will be seen at 10:30.
If you need a referral they will call your doctor to get one so you don't have to do it yourself.
It was good for the first time visit staff was great.
We are very happy to have found Dr Majewski.
After years of being bounced around, both my husband and I have our foot problems resolving.
We like Dr Majewski's can-do attitude, and his patient and painless methods.
Really nice people.
He is very friendly and seems really takes about his patients.
Quick appointments, pleasant staff, and I'm never kept waiting long.
Dr Majewski is a great doctor.
Dr Chris Majewski is probably the most knowledgeable and caring podiatrist I have encountered.
He successfully treated me on several occasions and also our daughter who was 3 at the time.
He uses the most advanced diagnostic tools as necessary to quickly get to the root of the problem and then treats the issue, and the treatments range from most conservative all the way up to the most radical, as necessary.
He always puts patients in a front seat, so that they are very comfortable with the treatment choice.
His support staff is good, however, they make paperwork errors more often than they should.
These are definitely honest errors, such as misspelling the name/address of a patient.
On a flip side, they are very good at fixing all paperwork mistakes, one phone call would always straighten the case up for me.
Overall, I am a very satisfied patient and would come back with all my future health issues - he is the only podiatrist in the area whose opinion I trust with no reservations.
Dr Majewski treated my toenail fungus like a boss.
 The laser treatments were painless and very effective.
 He provided anti fungal sprays for my shoes and an anti fungal base coat for future pedicures.
 My toes look great and the laser treatments were extremely affordable.
 I highly recommend him.
I have only been here twice but so far so good.
The staff has been very friendly.
I've never felt uncomfortable there.
The office is clean and is a nice environment.
Good customer service, nice assistants and office is nice and relaxing.
The front desk staff was very helpful.
Dr Chris gave good time to listen my problems and gave very nice suggestions.
Waited 45 minutes.
Tech didn't know what to do.
Nobody wears gloves.
Doctor cut my foot.
Still very painful.
Didn't solve the problem.
Dr Majewski is a scam artist he bills you for procedures you did not have forces you to pay claiming you have a deductible when you receive you eob it's completely wrong and he's billing your insurance for something you didnt have done.
When you finally give in to getting orthotics you better watch out he will bill you three more times for them as different items if your insurance has a limit on how many you can receive.
Stay away.
Great Podiatrist, knows exactly what to do to help you through your treatments and makes you feel comfortable.
I am a 45 year old computer programmer.
Yes, I work from home sitting down, facing my computer.
But the sad reality is that, I have terrible ankle pain when going up and down the stairs in my house  to the point where I would often sleep on the couch to avoid the treacherous trek up stairs.
Kind of depressing, I know.
A friend of a friend finally recommended me to Greater Washington Advanced Podiatry in Boland Farm.
I reluctantly decided to go (yes, I'm that guy that will do anything to avoid going to the DR).
I saw Dr Majeswki and was surprised at the pleasant experience.
He ran a series of tests, and has me on a special program of treatment and rehabilitation.
I can already feel the improvement.
Not one to normally be the online review' kind of person, I felt compelled to share my story and urge others to visit Dr Majewski at Greater Washington Advanced Podiatry.
Very highly recommended.
Excellent physician.
Knowledgeable.
My first time.
Dr and staff are competent, straightforward, fair-minded.
Great office atmosphere.
 Warm and spalike.
 Music volume could be a bit lower.
Staff was genuinely friendly and attentive.
The doctor was knowledgeable and took the time to answer my many questions, and mostly assuaged my concerns.
I left feeling optimistic about my recovery and not like I was pressured or sold a bill of goods.
 I would feel comfortable referring others to this practice.
Very knowledgeable, and helpful.
Answer every question I had.
Great doctor.
Wonderful office environment.
Extremely courteous staff.
The office is very nice and the staff is wonderful.
I saw Dr Majewski about a year ago for an Achilles problem.
He was very helpful and down-to-earth.
Just what I needed.
I'd definitely recommend him.
My 91-year-old mother, with degenerative joint disease of the knee, was at the end of options.
My brother suggested Dr Kennedy.
His friendly, calm demeanor instantly put my mother at ease.
Dr Kennedy suggested PRP injections.
She has had two treatments and she is now able to resume her daily activities.
Even though it is still early, I feel confident this was the right course of treatment.
I am very happy with the level of care my mother received from Dr Kennedy and his staff.
I had waited an hour to see another specialist on the same floor only to be given a injection into my ankle.
The Pain was back in a day.
I went on line to see who was the best and dr Kennedys name kept coming up.
I don't know why I was referred to this other guy when clearly dr k is the specialist in this area.
I went back to see dr k who performed orthoskopic procedure using stem cells and other materials.
My ankle feels like brand new.
I give dr kennedy 5 stars.
I give his office staff five stars but I give the referral service no stars.
Why waste my time sending me to someone who didn't specialize in this ankle problem?
 Customer must research on their own to find right doctor.
Im so glad my homegirl told me about doctor kennedy i just want to let you know dr kennedy i am so happy because you have made me walk better since my transit accident.
All the other doctors i went to wernt helpfull at all and this has been goin on for so long.
It was immediately evident staff and the doctor were very professional, and on the same page.
They listened to me and I can see and feel progress with every visit.
The doctor is certainly keeping abreast of cutting edge information in the field.
My 91-year-old mother, with severe degenerative joint disease of the knee, was at the end of options.
My brother suggested Dr Kennedy.
His friendly, calm demeanor instantly put my mother at ease.
Dr Kennedy suggested PRP injections.
She has had two treatments and she is now able to resume her daily activities.
Even though it is still early, I feel confident this was the right course of treatment.
I am very happy with the level of care my mother received from Dr Kennedy.
His staff is helpful, friendly and accommodating.
I would highly recommend him.
Dr Kennedy repaired my badly damaged foot/ankle, and did a great job.
I trust his knowledge and surgical skill entirely.
I was disappointed in my post-op follow up because I did not see Dr Kennedy very often.
He has his PA do most of the patient contact/appointments, although the appointment is billed as though it were with the surgeon A non-refundable retainer of thousands of dollars is contractually required before surgery is scheduled, without regard to insurance reimbursement.
I am pleased with my surgery, but would not seek care here again because of the unreasonable cost and limited face time with Dr Kennedy postoperatively.
This doctor is at the top of his game.
Pity his nurses don't reflect that.
I waited two hours and was only seen because I complained.
The nurses had not put me on the schedule.
When I saw kennedy he was thorough and professional.
I was flustered so I did Not remember a lot of what he said.
I called later that afternoon asking for a report and got dr Kennedy on the phone who went over it all again.
If you can stand the wait you get a pro who seems to really care.
Four stars only.
I read my Army Reserves evaluation of Kennedy's office and went there as I had not been happy with other docs approach.
The office put me at ease right away when his manager knew exactly what I was suffering from over the phone.
Kennedy and his office were great.
I did not need surgery just stem cell treatment from a torn tendon.
After 2 years not exercising I'm on bike.
I'm so grateful.
Its turned my life around.
My husband went to dr Kennedy desperate to save his foot after an accident and several surgeries.
His previous doctors wanted to amputate but doctor Kennedy saved his foot my husband is now not only walking without assistance but working full time.
Doctor Kennedy is kind compassionate and very skilled I would highly recommended him to anyone seeking a foot specialist.
May God bless him.
I am very pleased with my first experience with Dr Kennedy at HHS.
I was able to schedule my first appointment quickly - within less than a week of my phone call - which is so critical for many health issues.
The office staff was very friendly and efficient.
Dr Kennedy was helpful and very knowledgeable.
I highly recommend him and am very pleased that I came across his practice when looking for orthopedic doctor that were covered by my new insurance plan.
Thank you so very much for all you have done and the amazing care you have and continue to provide over the past few years.
I went on a vacation with my son to visit Petra and post treatment he was not only able to walk the 5+ miles; but also, was able to climb the 225 steps to the royal tombs.
Without your help and amazing skills he never could have climbed those steps (or even walked to them) and for that I am forever grateful.
I visited Dr Kennedy at HSS because of stubborn Achilles pain which lasted for over a year making it difficult to run or walk long distances.
He had a very calm and confident demeanor assured me we would get to the bottom of my issue and figure it out.
After sending me for an MRI, Dr Kennedy prescribed a non invasive treatment of Shockwave.
He said three sessions of shockwave + PT would help me.
I was happy he didn't rush into surgery or something more invasive.
The treatments were quick and administered by himself and I can report that I'm feeling a lot better.
I would definitely recommend Dr Kennedy to anyone.
I reffer all my friends and colleagues with ankle pain to Dr Kennedy.
He is excellent at communicating and remedying the situation at hand as i know from my own experience.
I had shock wave treatments for a Achilles as well as amnotic injection for ankle arthritis.
I am so glad I found Dr Kennedy as i now play my favorite sport (tennis) again :) without requiring any further treatments.
Last year I had an injuring damaging my of my talus on my right foot.
I went through a Reparative Treatment, where Dr Kennedy used bone marrow stimulation to repair the bone.
Dr Kennedy is a serious pro.
I am back walking with no discomfort.
The only negative thing is, I had a long wait time in the office for the initial appointment.
Besides that I am super happy.
I was referred to dr kennedy by my daughters soccer coach.
I'm not a professional athlete but I've been running for 20 years but was hobbled for six months with terrible electric pain under my foot.
I had undergone injections and therapy and it wasnt working, Dr Kennedy diagnosed me with joggers nerve  and once an injection confirmed we needed tonoperate.
When i woke up in the recovery room I felt the different.
I am so grateful to Dr kennedy and his miracle team.
Dr Kennedy is the most uncaring doctor I have seen.
I had a torn calf muscle that deteriorated under his care.
During the first visit he delegated me to a young assistant who was supposed to do shock wave therapy.
From that point she was the one providing medical care.
It was impossible to get any attention from Dr Kennedy.
Despite knowing that my injury was getting worse Dr Kennedy was not willing to see me for weeks,His assistant Susanne Schafmeister is bizarrely rude and unprofessional.
I understand that I am not the only one who experienced her unacceptable behavior.
She was screaming so loud at me and my husband that her fellow assistants hurried to close the door to our room not to scare other patients.
The reason for Susanne's tantrum was that she did not believe I had an appointment that day with Dr Kennedy which had been scheduled through another assistant.
I think Susanne needs to be taught basic human manners before continuing to work with people a medical office is not a place we expected to encounter someone's road rage.
Dr Kennedy was able to diagnose a longstanding issue I had with toe and foot pain.
His treatment had immediate impact and he provided me with a long-term solution that didn't require surgery.
He and his staff are friendly and great to deal with.
I was referred to Dr Kennedy by my primary doctor and am pleased to refer others as well.
The office does not accept all insurance plans, but I knew that going in.
I was worried about whether I could afford it.
Dr K and his team are great.
They negotiated with my insurance and it was nearly entirely covered.
Best part.
I can dance in my high heels again (in moderation of course).
Had to wait three weeks to get an appointment but then his office called and got me in earlier.
Well worth the wait.
No rush, calm and professional.
He explained everything and I needed shockwave treatment and PT   His team works with JAG PT and Katherine and Dr K work together.
 I am a weekend warrior not a serious athlete but I felt I was treated the same as a professional athlete.
Cutting edge, caring and empathetic.
I went to hospital for special surgery and saw dr kennedy and dr O'Malley.
And one other doctor there.
Both kennedy and O'Malley really were up to date and cutting edge.
The other doctor was not.
I went with kennedy and didn't regret it.
I had an OCD of my ankle and after using stem cells and a special scaffold I have no pain.
No pain after three years being told it will get.
Ether by other so called specialists Hss really got me back in the game.
Very grateful.
Highly recommend Dr Kennedy's offices in HHS, front desk staff is incredibly nice, and Kennedy's practice really focuses on helping patients.
I went to get orthotics after having ankle pain and struggling through tennis games, now I use them to work-out, run and go to work.
Went to Kennedy's office after being to four other places before.
Professional, smart and happy to see me and listen.
That's important.
Staff is friendly and professional.
Dr Kennedy always takes the time to answer questions and make good recommendations on how to keep your feet healthy.
I am happy to say that after a bad car accident i still can play handball my favoriteeee thanks to dr kennedy and staff i have progressed positively.
You and your staff are a blessing.
Ive been going here for about 1 year now.
The staff are thorough and very nice and helpful to your needs.
The appointment making is very easy and flexible times.
I couldnt move my leg at all from an accident last year and Dr Kennedy taught me ways to help get movement back.
Clean atmosphere and never too crowded.
I highly recommend this place to anyone that needs orthopedic surgery.
Kennedy is world class.
Le bron with a scalpel.
He really helped me.
Great services, quick staff.
Dr kennedy and staff are very helpful and informative when it comes to problems and are quick to get you fixed up.
A bit pricey but worth it.
Great doctor.
He's got the experience, intelligence, bedside manner, skills that we wish every doctor had.
We've been seeing him for 15 years and have never been disappointed.
He's not doing it for the money, he really cares.
Simply the best.
Don't waste time with others who are talking the talk.
This guy walks the walk Tendon tear surgery three months ago.
Just back from a week long trek in Costa Rica with no pain.
Total rock star.
Poor treatment from this doctor and little empathy or concern.
I cannot say enough positive words to describe my experience over the last 6 months of being a patient here.
Dr Kennedy and the staff at the hhs office have gone above and beyond to make every visit as enjoyable as possible.
I went in for ankle pain in April, and ended up having to have surgery approximately 2 months ago.
Every question and concern that I have are always answered by Dr Kennedy in depth and with assurance that I understand its entirety.
I had bunion surgery three months ago and I can now fit into high heels.
To celebrate I invited all the girls to drinks in our high heels.
Dr Kennedy is great.
He's kind, he's thoughtful and he's awesome at what he does.
The whole process is amazing.
I don't want another surgery on my other foot but if I need it I know where to go.
I have the utmost confidence in Dr Kennedy.
Excellent surgeon and his competent treatment saved my other foot from needing surgery at all.
Dr Kennedy as well.
Office staff really IS the best.
Genuinely good people, all of them.
Dr Kennedy, took extra care in helping my torn ACL.
I appreciate his help in treating and diagnosing my condition.
He has been a god send as I have been to other doctors who could not help until I came to Dr Kennedys practice.
Very happy with my first meeting with Dr Kennedy.
After a very long process with another doctor that went nowhere, Dr Kennedy got me in, and gave me a plan of action.
I was seen by several specialists for an OCD of my ankle I had read a lot and and decided to see Dr Kennedy.
I had a large hole in my bone and kennedy used a bone graft and a transplant from my knee with stem cells.
I am one year out and just had a check up MRI.
it's perfect,But more importantly I have never felt so good.
I'm so glad I waited and read and found the best.
I needed surgery and Dr Kennedy was the only one who could do a big graft from my knee to my ankle I was bummed as my insurance was terrible.
Sheena in his office spoke with my insurance and negotiated a deal so I could get this done.
Im so grateful to Dr Kennedy and his staff.
I cant thank you guys enough.
I have a three year old daughter and can play with her now and NO pain.
I went to dr kennedy with an ankle problem.
He diagnosed it with sonogram as a torn tendon.
After getting no better with therapy I wanted surgery.
Only problem is kennedy is not in my insurance plan.
Both sheena and Susanne worked with my insurance company and arranged everything.
I had a camera procedure with a keyhole scar and I'm on the treadmill now 6 weeks after.
I looked very hard to find another doc who did this type of surgery but kennedy was only one.
Showed little interest in my problem or my aftercare.
have been going to Dr Kennedy for a while.
He has been truly helpful in all his practices keep me physically and emotionally stable as I have chronic pain.
I am very appreciative towards Dr Kennedy.
His staff has also has gotten much better in time and im glad they help me because this pain was unbearable before.
Really smart and professional.
Dr Kennedy is a great doctor in every way and I am very grateful to him for my excellent surgery.
He has a lot of vocation for what he does.
I wish all doctors were like him.
Their staff is great.
Dr Kennedy Saw me for my broken foot and we discussed whether surgery or non surgery was an option.
We took the non surgery approach as Dr Kennedy explained that surgery may make it worst in terms of the damages vs's rehabilitation and treatments.
I feel a lot better after 3 months of rehab.
I don't write reviews.
Susanne in Dr Kennedys office asked me to do so if I had a positive experience.
 I was scared going in to see the doctor as I didn't want to have surgery.
 I ended up having a camera inserted in my ankle in his office with no pain.
I could see my own ankle joint and an area where I had no white cartilage.
Using cells from my own blood dr kennedy injected this area right there in the office.
 I'm six month after that procedure and my check up has gone great.
 I'm pain free and I feel I have a new set of friends in the doctors office.
I never thought I'd look forward to going to the doctors office but I do.
Dr Kennedy has been great at treating my achilles tendinitis caused by a hiking adventure which really didnt end up too great on my end.
I had severe damage to my tendons and I am lot better now with all my treatments dr kenedy has given me such as my new comfy shoes as I enjoy calling them.
Thank you.
I needed an ankle replacement but I didn't like what I read online about them.
 I had heard dr kennedy uses biological treatments for certain conditions.
When I met dr kennedy I was amazed that he spent almost an hour explaining all the options.
I really did not want any big surgery so we elected to do fat cells transplant.
I had liposuction of my stomach and it went through a process to be injected into my ankles.
I never ever expected to feel this good.
I always dreaded the stairs and now I can do it easy.
I think I lost some fat on my belly too.
 This is not for everyone but it worked wonders for me.
I had a hole in my ankle bone.
I was told I needed an ankle fusion.
Consulted with Dr Kennedy who explained it like a divot of bone and joint lining.
No fusion needed and everything done with keyhole incision using a camera and stem cells.
Only bad experience was a PA who was not too responsive.
Kenned gave me his cell phone when he heard.
I'm all set and wanted people to know this is cutting doc with old school caring.
Dr Kennedy is an amazing surgeon.
I have been a dancer my entire life.
Two years ago I sprained my ankle.
Though partly healed, I my ankle was unstable, I felt I could fall a twist it again, at any moment.
It truly was a horrible.
I went to Dr Kennedy last December.
He decided it was necessary to do an anatomic ligament repair or modified Brostrum procedure.
The surgery was a success.
5 months later I am back to dancing.
I couldn't be happier.
Dr Kennedy and his staff are professional, courteous and friendly.
If you're looking for a podiatrist who will give you a thorough exam and explanation, this is the place.
Looking forward to my next visit.
Great orthopedic surgeon and HHS is a very nice place.
Would definitely recommend going, great for for any age.
I had a dance injury on my ankle, a damaged tendon.
After using a split, I went through physical therapy.
Dr Kennedy was great through the entire process.
Dr Kennedy at HSS is great.
A patient should never have a crush on his or her doctor.
But it's hard not to fall in love with Dr Kennedy.
He's great.
Dr kennedy and his team are awesome.
Highly recommend.
Poor treatment from this doctor and little empathy or concern.
Dr kennedy and staff are commendable.
After my surgery was a success i am currently able to walk alot better than before.
I am so happy to call you my doctor.
I needed a complicated surgery on my ankle.
After seeing many docs and finally seeing dr kennedy I knew he was the right doc for me.
Only problem is he didn't take my insurance.
  That's where the three S sisters came in ; Sarah Susanne and Sheena in his office worked tirelessly with my insurance so all I ended up paying was my deductible.
Those three girls are awesome and I really felt they cared.
I expect the doctor to be world class but I didn't expect his office would be just as good.
This was an amazingly good experience if you have to have surgery.
Dr just sees dollar signs in his eyes with every patient who walks in the door.
He is only interested in surgery cases where he will make the most money.
Dr Kennedy performed the surgery to repair my ruptured Patellar tendon.
My recovery is progressing ahead of schedule (I'm 19 weeks into recovery now).
The pre and post surgery consultations and follow-up has surpassed my high expectations.
I feel really fortunate to have Dr Kennedy as my doctor.
Dr Kennedy has a wonderful attitude and she knows what is going on.
In addition his new office staff is engaging and professional.
Please see him for your podiatrist.
Dr Kennedy is the best orthopedic physician I have ever dealt with in NYC.
His bedside manner is every bit as good as his expertise in his field.
I have recommended him to several of my friends and family members.
I'm 5 weeks out from an Achilles tear and operation to repair.
I'm walking in a boot and will be done with that in a week.
My colleague who had similar tear,  was still in a big cast at this time.
Kennedy and his crew are smart, progressive and at the top of their game.
Dr Kennedy is what makes HSS the greatest hospital in the world.
He is recognized as the best by me and my wife.
I will refer anyone to this great hospital.
Dr Kennedy relieved years of pain with a terrible bunion.
Surgery is never a walk in the park, but this was a fantastic experience, he gave a very open explanation of what was going to happen, the procedure was with little of discomfort, and he had a very caring bedside manner.
He encouraged questions and answered them in a way I could understand.
I saw Dr Kennedy few months ago, he really helped me with the very bad pain I was experiencing in my feet.
He was very professional and listened to my questions and concerns.
Highly recommended.
A real Pro.
Swell staff as well.
Dr Kennedy is a grade A Sports Medicine surgeon.
He's taken care of my multiple sport injuries.
Under Dr Kennedy's care, I experienced the most thorough examination and X-ray.
He is a professional who is caring and dedicated.
I highly recommend him.
My daughter is only 10 and has already been casted 2x, along with a air boot, and splints.
we are no stranger to Dr Kennedy.
My daughter loves him, he his very good with kids.
I never felt left in the dark or rushed.
He takes the time to truly provide the best care to his patient and answer any and all questions.
His staff is amazing, from the sweet girl at the check in, to the Dr's assistances, and everyone in the office has great, positive personalities and are extremely helpful.
I trust the care my daughter receives there, it is truly top quality and I would recommend DrKennedy's to anyone looking for an orthopedic surgeon no matter your age.
Just finished my 22 marathon.
Thanks Dr k for patching this old truck up each and every time.
Dr John Kennedy and his well-trained clinical assistants have greatly exceeded my expectations so far.
I am glad that I found and selected him to perform my ACL reconstruction and repair.
This doctor is patient, skillfull, responsive, organized, clear, and meticulous with every part of his patient care.
I called HSS referral service to see who is the best at OCD for the ankle.
They referred me to Kennedy.
 Kennedy spent 45 min explaining my situation.
I kept the drawing he drew.
For the surgery, he used echoscopic cameras to see into the joint and fixed a big crater  with stem cells and growth factors and bone all through a scar no bigger than a half inch.
Post opp  I had a special color MRI which shows I'm totally better.
I highly recommend Dr Kennedy as I suffered a lot after I fractured my foot and being told I may never be able to roller blade anymore was devastatin.
Dr Kennedy performed a successful surgery and I am a lot better than before but i have to take off a star as some of his staff is rude and unhelfpul.
I appreciate all the treatments I have gone through and Dr Kennedy's assistance in treating me.
He is an excellect orthopedic surgeon.
My daughter had a hole in her ankle.
We had many opinions and all suggested some kind of surgery.
We were recommended to see dr john kennedy who is a world specialist in OCD.
 He reassured us no surgery necessary.
My daughter is now back playing lacrosse and has no pain and the latest scan shows the hole has filled in.
I had severed arthritis in my ankle.
I went through an arthroscopic arthrodesis treatment.
After surgery, I was able to quickly rehabilitate.
I feel like a new man.
what happened to my son as a result of Dr Kennedy is disgusting over 7 years later.
he is in horrible pain needs an ankle replacement and because Dr Kenndedy drilled a hole in his tibia needs a plate due to instability.
Always in horrible pain.
A friend of mine has never been able to return to work thanks to his horrible foot surgery.
He is unavailable after a surgery.
My son laid on the floor in his waiting room for a day and had to demand to see him.
Extremely knowledgeable surgeon.
Takes the time to explain options and answer any questions you may have.
I wouldn't see anyone else.
My treatments with him for various injuries have been highly successful.
We were told by other docs and internet horror stories of big a surgery and one year recovery.
Dr k treated me in a boot -no surgery.
With a blood injection and physical therapy with Katherine at JAG therapy.
 At six weeks I was on the alter G at two months I was doing drills.
Four months after I played tennis again.
 With no surgery I was back in the game in half the time.
Awesome care from the doctor and follow up was the best.
His judgement is poor and this is the result.
Outcome is not even certain, I will never walk again.
Had a painful experience and Dr Kennedy helped me alot with surgury.
His office is clean and his staff is nice.
I went through help prior to surgury and i feel alot better 9 months later.
Dr Kennedy presented with both a very caring bedside manner as well as an extremely knowledgeable understanding of my condition.
He really knows his business.
He not only gave me an in depth examination of my foot, he formulated an exercise routine to get me back to my tennis games.
After a rugby accedient I had frequent pain in my left ankle.
I was told by other doctors to never play rugby again.
He treated my ankle and guess what?
 All the other doctors were wrong.
Dr Kennedy fixed my ankle and I'm playing rugby again.
This surgeon is amazing but he does not take all insurance plans.
I had no out of network benefits but really needed kennedy to do the procedure.
His office worked with me and my insurance plan.
I had an out of pocket expense for sure but no more than my deductible so I'm happy.
Consumer should research health plans to know all the options are but Dr K office really does help out too.
Good experience all around and would recommend highly.
Dr Kennedy has been helping my mother overcome her injuries from a car accident and he and his staff are excellent and I want to personnally thank them.
My mother asked me to write this review since she cannot use computers well.
She wanted me to thank and let Dr Kennedy and staff know how appreciative she is to have you in her life.
Dr Kennedy is extremely knowledgeable, his bedside manner is impeccable, and he takes the time to thoroughly explain all problems and solutions regarding my foot problems.
I would recommend him highly in the New York area.
Marvelous patient care.
Dr Kennedy is thorough and meticulous throughout the entire process.
From my first meeting with Dr Kennedy, I was confident that I was in good hands.
His staff, Sheena and Susanne, are super helpful, nice, and accommodating.
They go out of their way for their patients.
I definitely recommend Dr Kennedy.
After a foot surgery with Dr John G Kennedy I have to say it was a huge disappointment.
He initially told me that an arthroscopic surgery would help, but it made my condition worse.
I also still have foot nerve pain after 2 years.
He told me I would be running in 2 weeks, it was 6 months.
I have scar tissue from his surgery which hinders my mobility more than prior to surgery.
He claimed to be doing me a favor by accepting my insurance payment of $3000.
His retail bill was $70,000.
before his adjustment.
I showed the bill to some other surgeons who thought this was outrageous.
Extremely calm, polite, and competent surgeon is Dr Kennedy.
His entire office and medical staff are amazing as well.
No other orthopedic specialists need be an option.
I saw Dr Kennedy and I was very impressed.
He resolved my problem and I highly recommend him.
Dr Kennedy tried everything to restore my ankle to a pain free existence.
He succeeded.
I wouldn't go to anyone else.
He is a true professional.
He is an amazing physician and an even more amazing human being.
He is forthright and honest to a fault, about what can and cannot be done.
He is a confident and experienced medical professional.
I suffered a foot injury , which totally disabled me, and Dr Kennedy put me back on my feet again.
He provided me with the risk/benefit scenarios and assisted me with the treatment decision making process from beginning to end, with a successful outcome.
I went to dr kneedy and saw his whole team in the room.
Two Italian doctors interviewed me.
I felt better just listening to them.
 I had chronic long term ankle rolling problems.
I thought I needed surgery but I was sent to kiwi Dave a physical therapist who worked on my balance and proprioception.
No surgery required thanks to this doctor and his international team at hospital for special surgery.
I had a serious injury on my ankle that Dr Kennedy and his staff were able to diagnose, treat, and mediate.
I would recommend Dr Kennedy for any orthopedic needs as he has been very helpful.
Dr Rohrich did an amazing job with my abdominoplasty.
After having 4 kids, no amount of exercise and diet seemed to get rid of my gut-overhang.
I was skeptical of cosmetic surgery but 6 months out, I am very pleased with the result.
The care I received before, during and after from both Dr Rohrich and his staff was superior to other doctors.
I have 2 friends who had the same mommy-makeover within a few weeks of mine.
They went to different doctors and neither healed as quickly or received the same level of care from the office staff that I was fortunate enough to receive.
Don't sacrifice quality of care for a bargain physician.
Dr Rohrich and his staff really are the best.
He is truly one of the best in his field and I'm incredibly happy to have found him.
Truly an amazing surgeon.
He cares deeply about his field, is an expert in his field, and will respond to your texts.
He changed my life.
This is truly the most professional, compassionate and gifted doctor in his field.
The whole experience is excellent and life changing from the moment you check in.
The staff is courteous, helpful and caring.
Every question or concern is addressed and you leave very confident that you have chosen the perfect doctor for your cosmetic procedure.
First class experience and I couldn't be happier.
I had an eye lift, lower face and neck lift and I look at least 15 years younger.
He is an artist and perfectionist and the results are outstanding.
He and his staff are very responsive and the entire experience was first class.
I will recommend Dr Rohrich to anyone needing cosmetic surgery.
I have visited this office several times for Botox and other procedures with beautiful results.
The staff is amazing.
I have used Dr Rohrich for Botox, filler for Nasal Fold and Under Eye as well as the non surgical Rhinoplasty and he is without a doubt THE best in the industry.
I would not trust anyone else.
His staff is super friendly and they make you feel at home.
I am scheduled to do a swap for my breast implants and I can't wait.
 Dr Rohrich has years of knowledge and the result is amazing.
My nose looks natural and is the perfect size and shape for my face after my rhinoplasty.
I love my nose and couldn't imagine a better result or doctor to perform the procedure.
I would like to thank Dr Rod Rohrich and his staff for the great experience.
Dr Rohrich did a good job and I am happy with the results.
Dr Rohrich is amazing.
He did my revision rhinoplasty following a terrible first surgery.
After only two weeks, the results are absolutely unbelievable.
Breathing and appearance are great.
I can't say enough about his expertise and knowledge.
Must go to Dr Rohrich.
He took the time to answer all of the questions I had brought with me, patiently explaining the pros and cons of each detail.
It was almost like listening to a teacher sharing information with a student prior to a final exam.
Dr Rohrich is a miracle worker.
Other than being a brilliant surgeon, he along with his staff provided excellent service throughout the whole process for my rhinoplasty.
Cannot recommend him enough.
I had a rhinoplasty done and I am so thankful with him and all of the OSC staff.
My whole experience was outstanding.
Dr Rohrich is such a master in every way possible.
I honestly did not expect to be as pleased with myself as I truly am now.
I am recommending him to everyone I know that is considering plastic surgery.
I love my results.
Upon my first visit to Dr Rohrich I was apprehensive, as it was my first time to consult a plastic surgeon and the first time I was considering having voluntary surgery.
Immediately after arriving to his office a nurse greeted me and within minutes Dr Rohrich was thoroughly answering every question (on my very long list).
To say that I am ecstatic with the results of my breast augmentation and rynoplasty is an understatement.
Dr Rohrich's extensive medical knowledge, expertise and reputation for being the Best of the Best are authentically unmatchable.
Since that very first visit 10 years ago, I continue to be a loyal and appreciative client and will forever be grateful for his immense capabilities knowledge and mastery.
I went to see Dr Rohrich to fix a previous rhinoplasty.
I did a lot of research and I did not find anyone as impressive as Dr Rohrich.
With his career longevity, great reviews, and educational contributions to the Plastic Surgery community, he excelled in my opinion.
He is truly wonderful and does great work.
He was able to fix my deviated septum and completely realign it.
I'm so happy with it.
I only wish I would have gone to see him 5 years earlier.
Any future work I may want, I will definitely be going to Dr Rohrich.
I was a little scared to have plastic but Dr Rohrich and his staff were wonderful.
I look an feel 15 years younger.
Thank you for a wonderful experience.
Had rhinoplasty by Dr Rohrich.
Great doctor and staff.
Love the outcome.
Dr Rohrich performed an abdominoplasty on me as well as liposuction in my tummy, legs and hip area.
I was very pleased with how he solved some problems I had.
He was very attentive to detail.
He was very concerned about my issues and did continue trying to solve my problems over a period of time.
In the end, I have a body I am very proud of.
And all my family and friends noticed my smaller self.
The post surgery care was absolutely top notch.
I really loved The Cloister facility in particular and actually looked forward to my second procedure.
I had a breast augmentation by Dr Rohrich in Feb..
2015 and could not be more pleased.
I highly recommend him.
He is very professional and his work is flawless.
My experience with Dr Rohrich was very impressive.
His skills, care  after surgery, and compassion  were  outstanding.
 He is truly a gifted surgeon and  I would highly recommend him.
 I would also applaud his staff as being  very professional, attentive and caring.
Truly happy with my  experience.
Dr Rohrich is unknowledgeable and careless.
Have you ever compared his pre-op recommendations with other surgeon.
It is narrow and useless.
He is the worst doctor I have ever seen.
His carelessness caused a burn in my forhead when I was having an endoscopic browlift.
Other surgeons said it was caused by the light of the tube and it only happens when a surgeon is careless.
He is respectful but not skillful.
I would not recommend him to anyone.
I was very concerned about having a procedure but Dr Rohrich was very kind and helpful he eased my concerns and was very good about answering my millions of questions.
I had a wonderful experience having a rhinoplasty and would suggest him to anyone wanting this procedure.
My nose has improved and I am waiting for the swelling to continue to go down.
The only thing if anything that I would change is maybe having more say on how different I would like my nose to be.
He definitely made it fit my face very well but I would have wanted a more exaggerated change.
Though rhinoplasty isn't perfection it's improvement.
The BEST doctor I know.
Extremely knowledge and is the head of AMerican Plastic Association of Physician.
Nationally reconginized as the best doctor in the Nation.
 I would highly recommend him to anyone.
Great Bed Side manners.
Has done wonders on me.
I love him to death.
This was my second experience with Dr Rohrich and it was fantastic.
I am very very pleased.
He is an artist.
I look so natural and just what I wanted.
I have soooo many compliments.
Some of said it is the best face lift they have every seen and He is amazing.
If you're looking for a surgeon who takes his time to listen to your concerns, and will work to ensure you get the very best results possible, you've come to the right place.
Dr Rohrich knows his craft inside and out.
He is more than a surgeon and he's a caring artist.
If you want expertise, honesty and a big heart, call him.
You won't regret it.
His staff responded to my email the very next day & made an appointment immediately.
DrRohrich was so sensitive to my needs & my then delicate emotional state (as a result of the previous failed surgeries).
I asked him to just try & make it look human.
He did so & about 1000X better.
Now at 32 my nose is more beautiful than ever.
Dr Rohrich has been my only surgeon since.
I've had him do several other procedures / outstanding results.
I can not say enough about Dr Rohrich and his staff.
Being nervous was taken away by confidence and kindness.
I am so happy with the new look.
My friends who were worried about my taking the chance, now ask me who I used and 3 have seen him since my surgery.
You wont find a doctor to make you look naturally better.
Thank you Dr Rohrich and staff for an amazing journey with a fantastic end.
Dr Rohrich and his staff are absolutely the best.
Dr Rohrich did my tummy tuck and the results are amazing.
 The entire experience was top notch - from the time I checked-in for surgery to recovery at Cloisters Recovery Facility to post surgery care.
  I'm so happy that I selected Dr Rohrich.
I've had a great experience so far.
Excellent staff and Dr Rohrich has been amazing.
I especially appreciate how readily accesible the team is for post-op questions.
Truly the best of the best.
Had a rhinoplasty done and lipo.
Could not be happier with my results.
He is a true artist.
Dr Rohrich has performed several procedures on my face, neck and nose over a period of fifteen years.
I have been extremely pleased, as each surgery resulted in a natural and refreshed improvement to my appearance.
My surgeries have been both medical and cosmetic, and I always return to him because of his excellent work.
He is a true artist, and also provides specific before and after care instructions so that optimal healing can be achieved.
Dr Rohrich pays great attention to detail in his work, as well as in listening to his patients' desires and concerns before and after surgery.
Both he and the staff he works with have consistently, throughout the years, been a calming presence, which has really helped me to stay composed prior to surgery and relaxed and focused on healing afterwards.
With Dr Rohrich, the surgery journeyfrom consultation, to surgery, to follow-ups, through healing, to the end resulthas always been a positive experience.
I thought he did a wonderful job on my rhinoplasty.
The staff is also very helpful and knowledgeable.
Absolutely amazing.
The whole experience was wonderful and Dr Rohrich honestly changed my life.
My experience having rhinoplasty done by Dr Rohrich was amazing in every regard.
The results were beyond satisfying, even better than I could have imagined.
Although I have a fear of having surgery, Dr Rohrich and his staff helped me feel comfortable throughout the entire process.
Everything I was hoping for was accomplished, and I'm so grateful I chose him.
I would just like to say that you have made a great difference in my life.
I can not begin to emphasize my gratitude to you.
I truly believe that one of the best decisions I've ever made was crossing the Atlantic and walking into your clinic.
I've had plenty of surgeries done before but nothing comes close to what you have masterfully done,Simply put, you have brought the smile back to my face, literally.
Dr Rohrich restored my face and nose after 3 failed procedures done in Europe.
 I travelled over 5000 miles to see him.
 He was well worth the trip as he restored my faith in medical doctors due to his honesty, character and tremendous people and surgical skills.
 He is completely disrespectful to all of his staff.
Nurses specifically request to not work in his OR.
He is inappropriate, disrespectful and a bully in the OR.
He may be a decent surgeon, but if you care about nurses at all do not give this guy your money.
He has said on numerous occasions how useless he thinks nurses are, and treats his nurses horribly.
He is a bully head to toe and does not deserve to be held to a high esteem in the DPS world.
There many other surgeons who actually treat their staff with respect and courtesy and he is not one of them.
The stories of things he has said to his nurses while in the OR disgust me.
I had the best experience I could ask for.
I was extremely nervous going into the surgery, but Dr Rohrich, the nurse, and the anesthesiologist helped to calm my nerves.
Immediately after surgery, there was almost no bruising (just a little yellow under my eyes) and I thought that I bruised easily.
I loved how I could call Dr Rohrich at anytime during my recovery with any questions I had.
I called once and Dr Rohrich answered my question on the spot.
Throughout the whole experience I was comforted by the fact that I went to the best of the best.
Now, six months after my surgery, I can say that I full heartedly believe that as a patient.
I had breast reduction surgery and am delighted with the result.
Dr Rohrich was brilliant and he did an amazing job.
He put me at ease throughout the entire process and was available for any questions or concerns.
His surgical staff was was friendly, professional and attentive.
The facility was attractive and spotless with a soothing atmosphere.
I would definitely return to Dr Rohrich for any future procedures.
Dr Rohrich is an incredibly gifted surgeon, that also loves what he does.
 That is a wonderful combination when looking for a plastic surgeon.
 I could not have asked for a better experience from DrRohrich or his staff.
I had a face life by another surgeon when I was sixty.
That surgery didn't do a lot to make me look younger.
After Dr Rochrich did my cousin's face, I decided to have a second lift five years later.
It's been over a year, and I receive many compliments about how smooth my face is and how great I look,I am so, so glad I did the surgery again.
It was one of the best things I ever did for myself.
I appreciate Dr Rohrich's work and talent immensely and highly recommend him to anyone interested in any type ofcosmetic procedure.
I couldn't have asked for a better surgeon (I truly think he is the best) for my rhinoplasty and scar revision.
I had consultations with other surgeons in the Dallas area, but I went with my gut and scheduled my surgeries with Dr Rohrich.
And I am so glad I did.
The trust that was established during that first meeting was never broken.
He said what he was going to do and then did what he said - as did his staff.
The results are better than I had hoped for my new nose suits me.
I am in awe.
He is an artist/surgeon.
superb caring and talented Plastic surgeon- the best of the best in Plastic Surgery and I have seen some of the best in the world.
He performed remarkable facelift and nose job on myself and my spouse.
Dr Rohrich is even better that I was told by my best friend who referred my to this remarkable physician.
 Overall, this has been a great experience, and I am glad I had this procedure done with Dr Rohrich.
He is expensive, but he is worth it.
If you're having cosmetic surgery, especially on your face, spend the money and get it done right.
Dr Rohrich treated my TMJ with Botox injections.
This treatment is cutting edge treatment and it has changed my life.
The extreme pain and loss of movement for my jaw has subsided a great deal even after my first treatment.
Rod is a top notch surgeon with exceptional character.
You cannot go wrong with this great leader as your doctor.
Dr Rohrich always excels in his patient care.
He creates a masterpiece in all his hands touch.
Excellent bedside manner and a superb staff.
 I am thinking this site may not be totally objective.
Dr Rohrich is extremely knowledgeable and professional.
If you're looking for the best doctor, look no further.
The whole office made me feel like at home from the very begginning.
The whole process was less stressful than i anticipated because of his professional and caring staff.
My experience with Dr Rohrich and his staff was amazing.
They are all highly skilled, professional, caring and I cannot recommend this doctor more.
He is chairman of plastic surgery at the medical school but is renowned all over the world.
Bottom line when it comes to a permanent decision affecting your image only go to the best.
The choice is simple, choose Dr Rohrich.
Dr Rohrich lives up to his reputation.
He is a world reknown nose revision surgeon.
He was recommended by other plastic surgeons (as the best).
I will have to say i am more the thrilled with my results.
I have been seeing Dr Rohrich for over 16 years.
He is an exceptional Surgeon and I am very very pleased with the results of my tummy tuck after all these years.
I also see him for Botox several times per year.
He is the best and I highly recommend him.
His office staff amazing, especially Angela.
Dr Rohrich is out of this wold talented with his skills.
His work is so natural and subtle that people Can't believe I have had work done.
For me that is the type of look I aspire to have - Natural and believable.
His team is Excellent and ALWAYS there to answer all questions no matter how big or small and they never make you feel anything less than valued.
I truly feel honored to have Dr Rohrich work on me not once, but twice.
Each time he did an extraordinary job.
I have be a patient of his since 2013 and I will be with him for as long as he is practicing.
Truly 1st class experience dealing with him and his team.
I would and have recommended him to any and everyone looking for a cosmetic surgeon.
If I could give him more stars I would.
You will not be disappointed with his work.
I couldn't breathe for years and suffered from terrible ongoing sinus infections.
Not only did he fix my issue with my septum but he gave me my quality of life back.
His skills are top notch and his bedside manner is wonderful.
He and his staff will take great care of you before, during and after surgery.
Dr Rohrich is the best.
I had rhinoplasty (which I had put off for years) and some lipo to my waistline which, because it was slight, made it that much harder to do.
He did a beautiful job of sculpting my waist.
I look like a better version of me and I feel great about the changes.
Dr Rohrich was wonderful with me before the surgery because I was apprehensive; he put me completely at ease.
He did exactly what he said he could do.
I wouldn't think of going to anyone else.
Dr, Rohrich is the best Plastic Surgeon that I have known.
I have been going to him for about nine years for facial procedures.
He has always done excellent work.
I had breast augmentation years ago that was done by another surgeon.
As a result, Capsular contractracture developed.
Well I gave up until I met Dr Rohrick.
He advised me how he was going to fix the problem and he did just that.
He also has a very proficient staff.
They are all so personable and friendly.
My husband also commented that he was impressed how my procedure went so smooth at the Cloister at Park Lane where he performs his artistic work.
The rooms are private with all the amenities of home.
Also the staff there are so knowledgeable and willing to help with all your needs.
Very honest and confident surgeon with excellent skill and manner.
I had great results higher than my expectation.
His staff, like himself, are equally accommodating and the entire experience was supportive and smooth.
Anyone seeking help from a prior rhinoplasty gone wrong should seek consultation with Dr Rohrich.
He ill be very frank as to what to expect and will give you his best work possible.
He and his staff are very communicative and make sure all your questions and concerns are addressed promptly.
I cannot thank him enough for erasing my physical and emotional scars.
My best to Dr Rohrich and his entire team.
Dr Rohrich and his staff truly are the best you could ask for.
He performed rhinoplsty on me and I am beyond pleased with the results.
Plastic surgery is an art and he definitely is an artist, best in the field.
I recently visited Dr Rohrich for Botox and fillers.
He and his office staff are knowledgeable, and I had a fun, positive experience.
Its a very professional and welcoming environment.
I will be using him again for services in the future.
For my 71st birthday, I decided to give myself some facial rejuvenation, and went to see Dr Rohrich.
I only wanted non invasive procedures.
Of course he knew exactly what to do using Botox and fillers.
I could see the great results immediately.
I particularly loved the injections that he put into the Cupids Bow of my upper lip.
Dr Rohrich is a true artist and a wonderful physician with a very caring staff.
I will be back.
I was referred to Dr Rohrich by a friend.
I had botox in the past but thought I would give Dr Rohrich a try.
You would not believe how much better I look.
I couldn't believe the difference.
I am so happy with my results.
Dr Rohrich did a tummy tuck and laser to my face.
I asked him to do whatever he could to help my face not look so tired and the results are pretty miraculous.
Friends ask me often what I have done to acquire the glow and why I look so rested.
I assure them that I allowed Dr R to use his created artistry and experience to improve my skin.
He did just that.
The tummy tuck is literally life changing.
I have the tummy back that I had thirty years ago.
He,also, helped me through an unrelatedhealth scare and assisted me finding the best care at UTSW.
I am not sure what I am most grateful for.
Just had Botox and fillers again by Dr Rod Rohrich.
He is truly amazing.
Each time he carefully analyzes my face and gives me exactly what I need, not too little, not too much.
I also get fillers in my nose (liquid rhinoplasty) and absolutely love it.
His prices may be higher than going to a salon but he is well worth it.
At my first consult with Dr Rohrich, I was sold that he would do my eyelids which were quite droopy.
Not only did he reduce the droop, but he took fat from my thighs and injected it into my cheeks to even them out because one was quite slim from having a huge melanoma removed.
And he refreshed my Botox.
Just had my 5-week follow up and he seemed pleased with the results.
If he is, SO AM I..
I have every confidence in Dr Rohrich - professional, personable and caring - wanting the best for his patients.
I am 75, about to celebrate my 50th wedding anniversary and can't wait to see my family and friends.
Awsome Dr did an exquisite natural innovative facelift absolutely beautiful I only had to take one pain pill which is truly amazing.
He's the best of the best.
If you want quality work from a renowned physician, there really is no other option.
I did a lot of research and had numerous consultations with surgeons prior to choosing Dr Rohrich for my face /neck lift and upper/lower blepharoplasty.
I couldn't be happier with my decision and the fantastic outcome of the surgery which exceeded all of my expectations.
 Dr Rohrich is truly a gifted artist , a great surgeon who is caring and compassionate.
Without hesitation, I would recommend Dr Rohrich to my family and friends.
DrRohrich is the best.
I chose Dr Rohrich as my plastic surgeon to perform a tummy tuck and liposuction.
He is an amazing surgeon with the experience and expertise that made my decision to have surgery with him a no-brainer.
He provided me with detailed information about my procedure.
I was truly pleased with the attention and care that I received, but mostly with the wonderful results.
I have referred so many of my friends to him.
I am so pleased I chose Dr Rohrich for my  rhinoplasty.
 His expertise really gave me confidence  that my results would be excellent.
He is also really kind as is his whole staff.
The most incredible , kind , compassionate , caring and talented Doctor on the planet.
He was always available for questions that I had day or night and returned my texts and calls asap.
He and his staff are highly recommended.
I did a lot of research and visited multiple plastic surgeons and ENTs, choosing Dr Rohrich was the correct decision.
I had a wonderful experience with him and his staff.
They are all extremely attentive and listen to exactly what you're looking for, not pressuring as well.
He truly listened to my concerns and worked to solve them.
2 months post op - the recovery process has been smooth and the results are great.
Highly recommend Dr Rohrich to anyone looking for a surgeon in the future.
I recently had a full face laser and upper blepharoplasty by Dr Rohrich.
Nine years ago I had a lower facelift.
He continues to be masterful at his craft.
I was, and am so happy with the results.
I trust him completely and would not consider going anywhere else.
His staff (from Interns to Fellows to post op nurses and office admin) are all extremely professional, timely, knowledgeable.
And the real rub - he cares about his patients.
My daughter had three proceedures done at one time in August and Dr Rohrich did such a wonderful job.
I don't understand how anyone could write negative reviews about him.
He is caring and even telephoned me at my hotel room to see how my daughter was doing.
The staff in his office are great people to work with also.
I would recommend him to anyone.
Amazing surgeon.
I've had a large and asymmetrical nose for as long as I can remember.
I finally decided to do something about it.
Dr Rohrich's work is amazing.
Post op pain was pretty much 0 after the 3rd day.
Dr Rohrich is absolutely the best plastic surgeon.
He took a completely destroyed nose and made it perfect.
He is truly a Master.
DrRod J.Rohrich is the plastic surgeon and Professor,international expert in plastic surgery and One of the Best teachers in the World.
He is Great Founder and Expert which has taught the finesse of rhinoplasty to lots of plastic surgeons.
I have had multiple cosmetic surgeries from Dr Rohrich.
 I have NEVER had anything  but perfection from him.
 Love the botox and fillers too.
Huge mistake in facial surgery.
 Made no effort to correct.
Looked like a piece of vinyl stretched over a vegetable bowl.
It's been 4 weeks since my facelift with Dr Rohrich.
I feel great and my face looks beautiful.
Thanks to my wonderful doctor.
I just had a friend, that I haven't seen in a few months, tell me I looked 20 years younger.
She was serious.
She ask me what I had done.
Dr Rohrich is amazing.
I have been coming to Dr Rohrich for a few years to receive cosmetic treatments.
After i completed my research of the top plastic surgeons in the Dallas area, Dr Rohrich always rose to the forefront.
I have been totally satisfied by his knowledge, his treatment and his personable communication skills.
I highly recommend Dr Rohrich.
Dr Rohrich is an amazing doctor.
I have had two surgeries with him, a breast augmentation and a rhinoplasty.
The best way to describe the results are flawless and natural looking.
Dr Rohrich truly knows how to give you proportionate results that fit your face and/or body.
He doesn't change your features rather he enhances and refines what you have.
I am so pleased with my results and would completely recommend him to anyone.
Doctors and surgery scare me.
It took me a long time to get the courage to look into fixing my nose, which had been broken many years ago.
I visited 7 doctors before finding Dr Rohrich.
Without question he was the best choice, my break was extremely complicated and Dr Rohrich I felt was the only person who fully understood that.
He was also extremely patient and kind with my questions, concerns and apprehension.
I would fully recommend him to anyone looking to have this type of surgery performed,All the facilities were very clean and his staff went above and beyond to make sure I was well looked after.
Without question, I would say go to this man.
When researching Best Plastic Surgeons in America for a face lift, rhinoplasty, eye and brow lift, my daughter chose Dr Rohrich as the most gifted.
The metamorphosis in my appearance was transformational yet natural.
I look amazing.
Dr Rohrich is an artist with a great personality and whose follow-up with myself and daughter following the procedure was outstanding as well.
His staff, who I have come to know, is top notch, as one would expect.
I am extremely pleased and although I fly across the United States now, years later for botox and filler to refresh I would not consider anyone other then Dr Rohrich for these or any other plastic surgery support.
Fabulous physician with a superb set of skills.
He is the best at his craft and I would not go to anyone else.
Dr Rohrich has been instrumental in fixing a very botched rhinoplasty that was originally medically necessary.
He was able to reconstruct and make something beautiful and safe out of a very unfortunate mistake.
He was not only knowledgeable but also, personable.
I trust Dr Rohrich.
I experienced a prior disfiguring procedure from an incompetent plastic surgeon 15 years ago.
Dr Rohrich not only corrected the disfigurement but improved the results beyond my expectations.
He gives you the results you expect.
He is professional, he honesty tells you the truth and then encourages you to study all your options.
He is committed to excellence, is exceedingly experienced in all areas of plastic surgery and most important he is compassionate.
He truly is an exceptional plastic surgeon.
His staff are well trained and dedicated to address every aspect of your needs and comfort.
It has been a joy to work with Dr Rohrich to attain my very successful results.
Dr Rohrich is truly a Godsend.
He is the real deal and such a huge blessing for anyone considering plastic surgery.
Not only does he have the necessary years of acquired skills & has mastered the art of creating beautiful & safe surgical outcomes for his patients, he also cares for and listens to make sure he is understanding all of his patients concerns and desires.
He and his staff are there for you 100% before, during and after the prcocedure and really care about your happiness and health.
Dr Rohrich is an artist, a highly skilled & trusted professional, and just an overall lovely human being all in one and that is very rare to find.
Thankful to him for helping me out after very bad previous surgeries from another doctor.
He fixed me and better than I could have even hoped for.
I will be a patient of his as long as he is practicing.
Dr Rohrich is a brilliant surgeon.
 He is very genuine, too.
 I am pleased with my procedure and highly recommend him.
Dr Rod is excellent, he is professional.
I was searching true one for years.
He is the best.
He did great job, thanks for him.
Don't hesitate to visit him, he is very helpful.
Dr Rohrich did my botox last week.
I'm usually nervous to get a new injector, but the results have kicked in and I am beyond thrilled.
He introduced a new area to get it and it has resolved a huge problem for me.
I will get it from now on.
Now with the botox relaxing that muscle, Boom-problem resolved.
I'm hooked.
All of the areas he did look great.
Will definitely go back to him from now on.
Choosing a surgeon is a difficult task.
Dr Rohrich is an outstanding choice, one of the leaders in the field.
I am not talking about hyped up cosmetic surgery, but evidence-based plastic surgery with the aim of natural results.
I have had facial reconstruction performed by Dr Rohrich including a difficult otoplasty, and I am so very pleased with his results.
I cannot recommend him highly enough, and as an insider in the medical field I can assure you that you won't be able to find a more experienced, careful and skilled surgeon out there.
It also helps that he is an amazing person, with a generous heart.
You can't go wrong with Dr Rohrich as your surgeon.
Dr Rohrich is the best of the best as a person , as a doctor and as a Plastic Surgeon.
He reshaped my nose to make it match my face in an natural way.
It changed my life and improved my self-esteem so much.
The great thing about Dr Rohrich is that he is so caring and compassionate and passionate about what he does and it shows.
I could say so much about Dr Rohrich app d his staff.
From my first consultation appointment, to my surgery date, and checkup appointments, I am so grateful for Dr Rohrich.
He is so pleasant and his staff have excellent customer service.
I defiantly recommend Dr Rohrich.
I highly recommend Dr Rohrich for rhinoplasty.
I am very happy with my new, natural-looking nose.
His staff is extremely friendly and responsive as well (I can attest as I called multiple times to ask various questions both before and after my procedure).
I have had several procedures done by Dr Rohrich and he did an excellent job.
He and his staff are very appropriate at all times and I felt very comfortable throughout the entire experience.
I was very happy with the results of my surgeries.
Recently I was diagnosed with an aneurysm and he referred me to an excellent brain surgeon at UT Southwestern.
Dr Rohrich has an impeccable bed side manner.
He is a highly skilled surgeon who actually listens to his patients.
I appreciate the fact that he is an expert in his field and still never makes me feel as though I don't know what I'm talking about.
I love the work he has done for me.
I would recommend him to any of my clients, family or friends.
His staff are all super professional and geniunly friendly.
He is quick to respond by phone or email if ever I have had a question or concern.
I have had two procedures done by him and I will use him in the future.
Dr Rohrich is the best doctor.
He is friendly, kind and caring.
He took his time and made sure he explained everything thoroughly.
He is highly recommended.
I just had my one year visit with Dr Rohrich and I could not be more pleased with the results (eyes and neck).
My friends and business associates never even knew about the surgery, but just thought I looked really refreshed after my vacation.
I'm over 65 and when I get complimented on how youthful I still look, I selfishly claim it's good genes and clean living.
Privately, I am totally grateful to Dr Rohrich and his wonderful staff.
Choosing him was among the best decisions I have ever made.
Dr Rohrich exceeded all my expectations.
I have gone to him on three separate occasions and can attest to that fact that he is by far the absolute best.
He is personable, knowledgeable and listens to your concerns.
I recommend him highly and am happy my surgical experiences were with him.
As a nurse and former patient, by far the most unethical and dangerous physician I have ever been associated with in my 30 year professional career.
Required cash up front before the surgery.
Provided false information regarding potential complications and failed to respond appropriately after serious post-operative complications occurred.
He is arrogant and uncaring.
I have been going to Dr Rohrich for a number of years for Botox, and had liposuction two years ago.
 He is terrific.
 He is a superb surgeon.
Dr Rohrich is a kind, gifted plastic surgeon.
I would recommend him to anyone who needs or wants plastic surgery.
He did my face/neck lift and blepharoplasty.
I am extremely satisfied with the outcome.
There was little to no pain.
His staff are wonderful caring people.
and I loved the surgery team.
Dr Rohrich is a truly skilled Doctor, simply the best.
Not only is he a talented surgeon he is also an artist.
His work is very natural; he knows what will look best on you, not leaving you looking plastic and overdone.
I appreciate his follow-up and his step by step written instructions pre-op and post-op.
I also appreciate his wellness regiment, helping me heal naturally.
His staff is very knowledgeable, responsive and very courteous.
I felt well taken care of before and after surgery.
Recovery was easier than expected.
Dr Rohrich, I am your biggest fan.
I can't say enough good things about Dr Rohrich to adequately characterize the experience I had with him.
I am blown away by my results.
He came highly recommended from multiple sources, and boy were they right.
What a guy.
So caring.
So obviously invested in his work.
A real artist and scientist.
he came to the office on Christmas Eve to take care of an issue that had arisen with my surgery.
No support staff, he just met me at the front and took me upstairs.
I really cannot say enough nice things about this man.
I felt seen and cared for.
Thank you a million, Dr Rohrich.
Kudos to Dr Rohrich for the amazing job that he recently performed when I had my facelift at UT Southwestern Medical School.
 My 55th class reunion is October 22nd and I wanted some of the wrinkles to disappear, as well as my turkey neck,While he didn't achieve the Kate Middleton look that Imso aspired to, he gave me a natural look that was very important to me.
 After all, I'm 73 years old and it would be virtually impossible for me to look in my early 30s.
 Very few friends were aware of my surgery and when a friend at church told me I looked twenty years younger and she wanted to know what I was doing, I was elated.
 I said perhaps it is my new hair style as I'm letting my hair grow longer,I'm extremely grateful to this dear man for sharing his artistic talents with me.
 His professionalism and kindness to me were beyond reproach.
Best doctor in Dallas.
Not only is Dr Rohrich amazing, but his staff is phenomenal.
I got a rhinoplasty procedure done and the day of surgery I was so nervous.
The Nurses all kept comforting me, Hugging me and telling me I was in great hands and that I had nothing to worry about.
Dr Rohrich did such an amazing job.
I had barely any bruising.
My recovery was so easy with little to no pain.
I will never trust any other doctor but Dr Rohrich.
The most knowledgeable doctor I have ever met.
Thank you so much Dr I am so happy with my new Nose.
I lived in the Dallas area for 14 years and moved to Lubbock and now I fly in to see Dr Rohrich and his fabulous staff (Angela & Letty are amazing).
I've had Botox for 15 years now and there is no other artist like Dr Rohrich and he is the only one I trust to stick needles in my face.
He knows exactly where to place it and it allows for a refreshed, more youthful look for this 60 year ole gal.
In addition, Dr Rohrich did a lip shortening in 2017 and I was and still and am extemely satisified and happy with the results.
He is the Most gifted plastic surgeon not only for rhinoplasty but for the entire body.
 His practice is nothing less than a 10+.
I could not be more pleased with the outcome and professionalism of Dr Rohrich and all his staff in achieving the desired results.
I do not hesitate to recommend him to anyone considering his services.
Brilliant surgeon, facial artist, wonderful human being.
Can not say enough good things about him.
Go for the best.
He is worth it.
Dr Rohrich and his staff are truly on another level.
 From the initial consultation to the surgery to the follow up appointment- I have felt so well taken care of and simply cared for.
 I had visited many other doctors and had many other consults.
 I felt the previous consults I had were more about themselves as a doctor and promoting their own image.
 The moment I met Dr Rohrich I knew it was all about the patient for him.
 He is extremely caring and trustworthy.
 His accomplishments and awards are absolutely impressive- but his patient care is .
 I would recommend him a thousand times to anyone who is considering a procedure with him.
  I am completely happy with my outcome and I am so honored to have been one of his patients.
My husband will not let me go back to him because he is NOT to be trusted - I also wanted a more natural looking result than I had.
I had a wonderful experience with Dr Rohrich and his staff for my abdominoplasty.
My experience with Dr Rohrich, his office staff and the OSC have been beyond exceptional.
I have had multiple cosmetic surgeries and clinic procedures in the past few years.
The knowledge and professionalism he and his staff provided resulted in outcomes greater than I could have ever expected.
I recently had upper and lower eyes, laser resurfacing, brow lift, face and neck lift and fat injections and was very pleased with the great doctor's overall talent bedside manner and operation.
From my first appointment to my most recent follow-up, the doctor and all of his staff have been timely, courteous, helpful and my face hasn't looked younger in 15 or 20 years.
Thank you Dr Rohrich and staff.
The BEST doctor and the BEST staff, hands down.
Anyone who knows that I had some work done, tells me that it looks very natural but that I definitely look younger.
Highly recommend.
As and active professional at 70, I wanted a facial rejuvination with subtle results and a more relaxed appearance.
After research, I chose Dr Rohrich and could not have been more pleased with my decision.
From the beginning of the process, Dr R and his staff made me comfortable and answered all questions and concerns.
The procedures to my eyes and neck resulted in much less discomfort than I expected and the post surgery attention was wonderfully reassuring.
Four weeks out from the surgery, the outcome has exceeded all my expectations and I am thrilled with the results.
Dr Rohrich is truly a master talent and couples that with a caring heart.
Candidly, choosing him was one of the best personal decisions I have ever made.
He really is the best.
Dr Rohrich and his staff are amazing.
My experience has been the best care in my lifetime.
Loving my results.
Dr Rohrich is an artist.
I had my eyelids and face/neck lift in June '14 and all scars are completely invisible.
Very natural and immediately 10 years younger looking.
Had tummy tuck and arms done in Jan '15 and equally as pleased.
Scars are minimal but I'm still healing.
Dr Rohrich is truly a gifted surgeon.
Best thete is.
First of all, I've never left a review - good or bad- for anyone, but am so happy with my lower facelift from Dr Rohrich I wanted to spread the word.
People say I look 15 or more years younger and totally natural.
He is truly a master surgeon.
I highly, highly recommend him and his wonderful staff.
Dr Rohrich is the quintessential expert on plastic and cosmetic surgery.
My appointment went smoothly and treatment was highly effective for my facial concerns.
I would definitely recommend Dr Rohrich for any one seeking a caring and knowledgeable doctor for their plastic surgery needs.
If I could give Dr Rohrich and his Staff more than 5 stars I would in a heartbeat.
The level of professionalism in his office is unmatched.
Dr Rohrich is not only a highly skilled surgeon that produces incredible results but he also has a personality trait missing in most well respected surgeons, he treats his patients with kindness and respect.
You will love his work and his sweet bedside manner,He fixed my terrible deviated septum and I have gone from taking antibiotics monthly (or more) to a year of being completely healthy,I have gone back to him for Kybella and it was great.
4 treatments and the life long double chin is GONE.
I had a revision rhinoplasty and lower face lift with Dr Rohrich.
I am only two weeks post and love my results.
He is kind and caring.
His office staff was very pleasant.
I could not be more pleased with my entire experience start to finish.
His work is beautiful.
He gave me no information on the procudure I was interested and wanted to finish the consultatio.
Didn't like him.
He's kind and compassionate toward ALL his patients.
I've known him for years and trust only him for my cosmetic needs.
My results from the face/neck lift, upper and lower blephroplasty (lid) and circumpolar laser have so far surpassed my expectations.
I could not be happier.
Dr Rohrich took years off my face but did it leaving such a totally natural look.
He is such a skilled and caring surgeon who truly has a gift for aesthetics.
His office staff is just wonderful.
They answer any question without making you feel like you are bothersome and the whole preoperative routine is exceptionally organized.
His surgical, PACU and Cloister staff is exceptionally professional and empathetic.
You immediately feel that you are in good hands and will be well taken care of.
This was an exceptionally easy recovery with very little discomfort but remarkable results.
He is definitely The Man.
Can't recommend him enough.
By far the best rhinoplasty surgeon in Dallas, I could not be happier with how my surgery turned out.
He is skilled and very well trained and I'm glad I did my research truly the best.
Dr Rohrich is so very kind.
He listens to you and really cares about his patients.
My Mother and I both go to him for Botox and other things.
His staff is exceptional.
They will take their time and answer any question.
We drive 3 hours just to see Dr R..
I had the most wonderful experience with DrRohrich and his staff.
They are all extremely attentive and listen to exactly what you're looking for.
He listened to my dislikes of my nose and gave me a new nose that's more perfect than I could've imagined.
The recovery was smooth and results are beautiful.
I will recommend DrRohrich to anyone I know looking for a surgeon in the future.
Dr Rod Rohrich and his entire staff are sincerely caring and attentive to every detail.
Most professional and accomplished surgeon I have come across.
It was a  pleasure to be in his care.
My experience went beyond expectations.
The combination of skill, artistry and knowledge of healing surpasses all.
Dr Rohrich deserves every accreditation and accolade he has received.
Dr Rohrich and his staff are very cordial and professional.
They make every step before and after surgery very easy.
They also give clear information regarding what to do and what not to do.
When having a surgery as delicate as a rhinoplasty, I wanted to minimize risk.
I chose Dr Rohrich because of his outstanding credentials and professional experience.
It has been one and a half weeks since I had a rhinoplasty with Dr Rohrich and I am already very happy with the results.
He fixed everything I did not like about it.
Moreover, the nose not only looks good and harmonious with the rest of the face, but it also looks natural.
Dr Rohrich is a kind person.
After the surgery, when I was worried about a particular symptom, I called him on his personal cellphone on a Sunday and he called me back within five minutes or less.
I am very grateful to Dr Rohrich and his staff for their amazing work and professionalism.
Dr Rohrich rebuilt my mom's nose after treatment for extensive basal cell carcinoma.
The result was truly awesome.
Multiple surgeries took a year plus.
I spent a lot of time in the waiting room.
I saw women at different times in their healing process after face lifts and decided that if I ever had a face lift, Dr Rohrich would do it.
I had upper and lower blepharoplasty, a neck lift and a perioral laser procedure.
The surgery went well.
The recovery went well.
He and his staff are kind and thoughtful.
I am so pleased with my results.
That was 10 years ago.
He asked me what my hope/expectation was, and I said, about age 40.
and I took a photo.
Ten years later, people still guess my age to be in my mid-forties.
Could not be more pleased.
Here's the important part though, he continues to be in my corner and has given me numerous referrals when friends of mine have needed specialists at UTSW.
He's one of a kind.
Excellent doctor, warm, compassionate, kind man, and a wonderful patient advocate.
Five stars across the board.
Dr Rohrich is a brillant physician and a true artist.
He restored a youthful look to my face, all while providing excellent, safe, conscientious, and compassionate medical care.
He's the best in the country.
I would never trust my face to anyone else.
Dr Rohrich is the BEST.
I've been to Dr Rohrich a couple of times and each time I am amazed by his work.
He has brought the best out in me.
Dr Rohrich did a reasonably expected job on tummy tuck and lipo.
Although, I had to do a revision surgery after.
I was comfortable and satified with the outcome.
Amazing doctor.
He helped me when I could barely breath out of one side of my nose.
Great staff as well.
Kind hearted.
Dr Rohrich has state of the art medical equipment.
Instead of using a scalpel, he uses laser equipment to repair a variety of eye ailments.
I have had 4 procedures from Dr Rohrich over the past 15 years.
He was absolutely amazing and changed my life.
His beside manner and knowledge is invaluable.
Dr Rohrich gave me the perfect nose.
Dr Rohrich did a very complicated revision rhinoplasty on my thick and scar tissue filled nose.
Please note: I am African-American and he preserved my beautiful features that makes me ME.
I am so very happy.
I would recommend Dr Rohrich because he has the proven skills, expertise, and care in handling your procedure.
Excellent Plastic Surgeon.
I am very pleased with my face lift.
Dr Rohrich accomplished what I asked for which was a natural look that made me look years younger.
I had rhinoplasty with Dr Rohrich.
I was very happy with everything about my experience.
I think he did an amazing job of reducing the hump on my nose.
I feel like he gave me a nose more fitting for my face.
He is very nice and I know he is very qualified.
I felt at comfortable through the whole procedure and would use him again in the future.
I think he is able to know how your nose should look with your whole face and from different angles in order for there to be symmetry.
I guess he draws on his vast experience and artistic abilities in order to do this.
I would go back to him and I would refer anyone to him.
After alot of research and referrals went in to finding Dr Rohrich.
Best due diligence I have ever done.
He and his team offered exactly the level of expertise, consultation, and customer service that I had hoped for but did not see when I interviewed other surgeons.
The results were exactly as was predicted and the customer care beyond the norm.
Dr Rohrich and his team care about their patients and understand this is a stressful time.
This is my first and only surgery.
The referrals I got were the best.
When other surgeons fail Dr Rohrich is called in to to correct.
He knows his stuff, is quick to tell you if your expectations are unreasonable, and supports you throughout the whole process.
Truly loved this doctor.
First time getting any type of cosmetic procedure, made my experience very comfortable and the results were better then i could have ever imagined.
Would recommend to anyone.
Brillant surgeon, amazing work ethic, highly skilled and the most up to date on currently procedures.
His staff is outstanding, which made my experience wonderful.
Facelift, upper/lower eyes, facial fat injections, face peel and he added fat to my hands.
Couldn't be more thrilled.
Dr Rohrich performed Botox and Juvederm injections on my facial areas and I could not have been more pleased with the results.
I look natural, rested, and refreshed and the results have definitely exceeded my expectations.
I would highly recommend Dr Rohrich for anyone seeking an exceptional plastic surgeon with a keen artistic eye.
In addition, his staff was very friendly and helpful.
I chose Dr Rohrich for his expertise and years of experience and I am glad I did.
He made me feel at ease and confident about undergoing a 3rd rhinoplasty to correct breathing problems and an uneven nose.
At my consultation Dr Rohrich explained what issues were causing me to have difficulty breathing and exactly how he would correct those issues and reconstruct the shape of my nose.
His staff was also very kind.
There was hardly any pain after surgery and I recovered very quickly.
I am very happy with my new nose.
Five stars is just not enough for this incredible Surgeon Dr Rochich and his entire team.
The kind attentive treatment from every single one of Dr Rohrich's staff was beyond suburb.
This of course starts from the respect and high regard his staff hold him in so well deserved.
Dr Rohrich listens, wants you to ask questions nothing is to unimportant to him.
Compassionate and caring is just not enough words to express about this amazing surgeon.
I have had some terrible experience in the past, but going into Dr Rohrichs operating room was like entering a spa I was so calm and reassured, I recommend Dr Rohrich and his team 100%.
This highly rated MD almost make me lose my baby.
I first didn't know how many wks pregnant I am so the dr had done a vaginal ultrasound to see the size of the embryo and determine the gestational age.
He saw the gestational sac with no embryo then he changed the angle, looking for maybe another 30 second then has concluded that my embryo has stopped growing and suggested to prescribe a abortion pill for me.
It was a shock to me.
I was so sad to hear it but he did not say it with empathy or feel sorry about it.
Then when I ask him if he is sure about his diagnosis, he said based on my experience, I am CONFIDENT that your baby has not grown, but if you want to be sure, you can come back in a week to check again.
Ok, you can go now.
I was crying and my fiance was also sad to hear about it but the doctor has not said anything and left the room.
I decided to find another MD and 2 wks later, we heard our baby's heartbeat and saw the shape.
So don't see this MD.
Dr  Abenhaim has followed my first pregnancy and I have to say that both, my husband and myself are happy with the treat we have received.
Dr Abenhaim is very busy and rushing but he always took the time and sat down to discuss with us whenever it was necessary.
Just be ready with questions if you have any; otherwise, he'll run out of the room once the examination is being done.
He is young, friendly, knowledgeable and always in good mood.
He always made me feel very comfortable.
I was waiting for 30-60 min each time I was going the regular check-ups during my pregnancy.
I highly recommend him.
Dr Abenaim is a very good and knowledgeable doctor.
Waiting time is as to be expected as we are in quebec.
His secretary Pauline is such a doll, so helpful and sweet.
Have your questions ready and he will answer them.
He is also very attentive when you have a concern, and will either do an ultra sound on the spot or send you for the necessary testing if need be.
Highly recommended.
As busy as he is, he takes the time to answer all questions.
Best doctor.
Waited for well over three hours to see him and he told me this was normal and to be expected.
I suggested he should book slightly longer for his appointments to be more respectful for his clients but he laughed that off.
His clinic also kept letting other people go ahead of me because I was post-partum, although my baby was waiting for me to get home to feed her.
His bedside manor was abrupt and poor and I had very little time to ask questions, he was so brisk.
He also pushed for interventions despite my desire for a more natural birth, I believe unnecessarily.
I would not recommend him and I would try to avoid him for subsequent births.
He is confident and this helps me a lot during my high Risk pregnancy.
He saved my baby and I'll be thankful forever.
Great doctor.
Very professional and friendly, made me feel comfortable and confident in his abilities.
Bonus: he managed a successful external cephalic version on my baby.
He is a very good doctor, always nice and friendly.
He helped  me to safe my baby when I have difficult pregnancy.
I saw dr abenhaim for a regular gynecology appointment.
He does mainly pregnancies and has a very busy waiting room with many many pregnancy women.
When he saw me, he sat down and went over all my concerns and was very thorough.
He was very respectful and made me feel very comfortable.
He is young but it is refreshing to see that he is knowledgable and professional.
I trust him entirely, I hope he doesnt move away like the rest of the smart doctors.
Dr abenhaim doesn't take time to answer questions.
he is always running and you constantly have to remind him about your case.
i'm a high risk and he always forgot.
other than that he is friendly but not punctual i always wait between 1h30 to 3h.
And i was really surprise that he offer 3 different packages to talk to him (email ) very expensive.
Dr Abenhaim and his team have a special place in my heart.
I was followed by him for two high risk pregnancies one with a broken leg and he always took the time to make me feel reassured, special and in good hands.
I would have lost both my babies were it not for the professionals at the Jewish General Hospital and I thank you from the bottom of my heart for being such a kind caring fantastic Doctor.
Everyone around him is great.
He is Dismissive and hands off.
He never seems to know whats going on.
You can tell because the rest of the hospital doesn't seem to take him seriously either.
All of your problems and concerns are solved with high fives or him telling you that you wouldn't understand the information even if he told you,If you want to get no answers at all regarding your pregnancy, and be rushed out as soon as you see him ,he is the doctor for you.
Excellent doctor.
Yes, I had a wait over an hour, but he took the time to answer my questions and seemed very knowledgable.
I look forward to having him as my doctor during my high risk pregnancy.
If you ever get the chance to make on Dr Abenhaim's patient lost count your blessing.
He is by far the most amazing Ob.
He is confident and knows what he is doing.
I had a very difficult pregnancy all odds were against me and when I told him I wanted to take the leap he jumped on my bandwagon and did everything he could to save my baby.
With success might I add.
He comes across as confident , rude man.
This is wrong.
If you come prepared with your questions and are ready to help yourself he will bend over backwards for you.
He is accompanied by a GEM of a secretary.
Pauline is an exemplary woman of what medical staff should be.
I have no regrets and am greatful I made his roster of patients.
he guided me always and his advice is very helpful.
I went through an extremly difficult pregnancy and Dr guided me to the right people too help me with my decision.
I asked him months before delivery how delivery would go and he gave me one answer.
During delivery the Dr on call gave me three different answers (which I was praying so hard that wouldn't happen).
And guess what ?
 the answer that Dr A gave me happend.
I really felt that I was in good hands.
I have been going to Dr Abenhaim for regular gynecology care for a few years now - past menopause (not pregnant.).
He is very thorough and reviews all aspects of menopause.
I am very happy with his care and strongly recommend him (even though he follows mainly pregnancies, and his waiting room is full of pregnant women).
The whole experience seeing him will seem rushed until he walks in the room and sits down.
He takes all the time you need and answers all your questions.
Amazing doctor, wouldn't recommend anyone else.
He is a good doctor, great knowledge and bed side manners,The appointments are very short but I believe that Dr Abenhaim would give you the necessary time if a problem occured.
He's always nice with his patients, radiates confidence and only his presence puts a smile on your face.
I highly recommend him.
I had the most amazing experience with Dr abenhaim.
He's by far the greatest most knowledgeable doctor.
I can't be more thankful and blessed to have this doctor for dealing with my pregnancy, we went through very uneasy road, he has enormous compassion for his patients, understanding and ability to see the very small signs of the upcoming complications, extremely professional, eucated and knowledgeable.
Yes, the waiting time can be long but its definitely worth it.
Thank you for helping us having a healthy baby.
Became his patient after an unexpected complication.
We feel so grateful to have had him care for us.
My son survived thanks to his expert care.
Amazing doctor.
Dr Abenhaim was not my obgyn but he saved my life.
I underwent surgery 4 days following delivery due to retained product of conception.
I lost 2 litres of blood during the operation.
Not only did he take time to talk to me prior to the intervention but he came to see me the following day even though he's not my doctor.
Not a day goes by that I do not send him prayers.
I would not be here today if it wasn't for him.
very helpful and he make me feel like I'm the only patient,He was taking the time to talk to me each time when I had a problem,Great Dr..
The best Doctor in town.
Ive been going to see him for 9 years now and the staff is amazing.
Dr Haim A Abenhaim is incredible example of professionalism, knowledge, experience and human qualities that includes understanding, supporting and making miracles for expecting mothers with difficult pregnancies.
If not him, my pregnancy would be a totally different experience and I am very thankful to know that real doctors are still exist.
My baby's heart stopped at the last month of pregnancy due to the lack of his consideration and follow up during my pregnancy.
My pregnancy ended up with stillbirth.
He is an arrogant person who does not care about his patients.
His answer to this tragedy was: these things happen, we don't know the reasons.
This is a doctor's response (not ordinary person) to his patient,If you as a pregnant woman would like to have a healthy and alive baby, please don't go to see this man, I wish somebody told me how incompetent he was before making an appointment with him.
Dr Abenhaim is amazing.
He was able to fix all my problems just by telling him my previous births.
Sure you have to wait a lot to see him but it's like that eveywhere.
If it wasn't for him I would be 30 weeks pregnant right now.
He says it like it is very direct which I don't mind at least I always know what's going on.
Amazing Dr I saw him after mu 1st pregnancy ended in an unexplained miscarriage and he promised me he would help me and I'd have healthy babies to take home and I did.
My 2nd pregnancy was a success and I'm so grateful for him.
Dr Abenhaim, thank you from the bottom of our hearts.
Excellent Doctor.
Dr Abenhaim is a very patient and calm Doctor.
It's worth the wait.
Always with a nice smile.
Very professional and accurate in everything he sees and says.
I am so happy to have him as my doctor.
As he's the best he is busy and it's given he will be behind schedule with emergency etc.
Worth waiting for.
I have not delivered yet but the experience with Dr Abenhaim has been amazing and reassuring thus far.
Best doctor in Montreal.
He knows exactly what's he talking about and takes the time to understand every single issue.
You can see that he's an expert.
Really nice and competent doctor.
I have a high risk pregnancy and he explained us exactly all the risks and all the steps that we will go through.
Each appointments, he takes the time to answer my questions and make sure everything is fine.
He is really effective, for any problems, he finds a solution or an action to take.
I have not give birth yet but I am really satisfied with Dr Abenhaim.
Dr Abenhaim is one of the most professional medical doctors out there.
He will answer all your questions and is very knowledgeable.
I am seeing him now for my second pregnancy and is always available by email if I have any questions/emergencies to ask him.
He is friendly, kind, and respectful.
I have had over 4 OB/Gyn's and he is outstanding compared to the others.
He diagnosed me with something that another doctor said was nothing.
I am so lucky to be a patient of his.
His secretary Pauline is also above the rest, she is an angel of a woman and such a pleasure to deal with.
If you get the chance to have Dr Abenhaim be your physician, consider yourself lucky.
Dr Abenhaim diagnosed my PCOS and prescribed medication which allowed me, after 2 years of trying, to get pregnant within 3 months.
We are eternally grateful to him for this.
He is an excellent doctor and although his visits are brief (like others have mentioned, you need to have your questions ready otherwise he leaves the room right after seeing you) he does take the time to explain things if you ask.
He has a good bedside manner as far as I'm concerned and I would definitely recommend him to others.
My partner gave him a pretty terrible nickname after our absolutely awful treatment by this man.
Not only does he have a terrible bedside manner, he seems to think that he's some sort of a god.
Not only did he insult us and our choices, but after keeping us waiting for more than 3 hours he told us that we'd be happy to have his full attention if I have to have an emergency C-section.
Someone ought to teach him how to interact with patients, and quite honestly, if people think he's a good doctor and nice man, I can't help but think they have no idea what good or nice actually mean.
He might be an excellent surgeon, but I wouldn't let him near me or my unborn baby with a 10ft pole.
Dr abenaim is a Dr with a lot of knowledge.
I had a great experience with him.
He is one of the best Dr ever.
Love him, help me with my hight risk pregnancy, and good advises always.
I am lucky to have him as a Dr for the last 9 years.
I really trust him, he always took the time to answer all my questions and is very knowledgeable.
have your questions ready for him and he will sit down and take his time to answer each and every one of them.
He always took his time with me,if it wasn't for him I probably wouldn't be where I am right now today.
I will forever be grateful to him,I would definitely recommend this doctor you will be in great hands with him by your side making sure you and your baby(ies) are doing fine.
Delivered my baby, would go back for my second.
I found Dr Brown to be very knowledgeable and patient.
He spent quite a while getting my history and then even more explaining his diagnosis.
The only issue I had was the extensive wait time from my referral date to my appointment.
Dr Brown is a fantastic doctor.
I do agree however that his reception staff are horrible.
I recently had a minor, but potentially serious, medical issue in respect to my pregnancy and the person on the phone was unhelpful and seemed annoyed.
I finally sought help elsewhere and was told that his staff never should have handled this issue this way.
I've had Dr Brown has by OBGYN for both my pregnancies.
I'm midway through my second.
I think he's wonderful.
He is incredibly knowledgeable and straight to the point.
He makes me very comfortable and know that I can ask him or talk to him about anything.
I don't find him to be rude at all.
Sometimes, yes, I do feel rushed when I'm in there, but he usually has a packed office of patients and is very open about not liking to make his patients wait.
From my first appt with my first born, he told me he makes it a priority to deliver his babies, which I love.
Sadly, he didn't deliver mine as I went into an emergency C-Section and he was not yet at the hospital, but he checked in on us first thing when he got there.
He's an incredible doctor and as long as I'm having children, he will be my go to.
He is knowledgable and understandable this is a difficult job that many glorify when such isnt the case.
But maybe he forgets what families go thru giving birth.
He was rude, made us feel like we were imposing, rudely asked what I was scared of when pushing the baby out, had an attitude when hubby asked how many stitches and wouldnt give an answer.
Hubby was shell shocked from watching me give birth and when doc asked if we wanted to cut the cord my husband said me?
and docs response was well, I'm not going to do it.
The thing is, we remember these details that in the end can take away from the whole experience of giving brith.
Would it kill him to be a little more sensitive?
 He sees this stuff every day.
I may go through L&D once or twice.
Even when I went for my pap after birth he was very impatient.
I dont imagine I would ever go back.
Dr Brown operated on me as I had to undergo c section as my baby's head wasn't engaging.
He is a no nonsense doctor who is extremely knowledgeable.
He told me exactly what the issue was and why c section was needed.
He isn't the kind to hold your hand and soothe you.
If you wish that kind of treatment, find another gynecologist.
 He operated on me and I have not suffered any post operation complications.
The stiches have healed and there is hardly a scar.
I would totally recommend Dr Brown.
The best, I absolutely recommend him to everyone.
Dr Brown is an extremely knowledgeable doctor and listens to your concerns.
I was recommended to Dr Brown for my first child and I will recommend him to anyone and will go back to him for my second.
I have to agree with the comment that we go to the OB to get the best diagnosis and professional care, not to chit chat.
I felt completely safe in his hands.
I delivered a healthy baby after going through 2 miscarriages.
NYG is the best hospital; they made my delivery very smooth.
Dr Brown is very knowledgeable and one of the best in his field.
Of course he can sometimes be late - he is delivering babies right across the hall but he will run back to your appointment straight away.
If you are looking for some warm touchy-feely experience then he is not the doctor for you.
He always asks if you have any questions and answers them thoroughly.
Just be nice to his staff and they'll be pleasant back.
I've never had an issue.
I can't wait to go back.
Dr Brown and his staffs are very professional and helpfull.
After being highly recommended, I requested Dr brown for the delivery of my second baby.
To say he is amazing is an understatement.
He is caring, knowledgable and has a wonderful bedside manner.
His office is run efficiently and his receptionist, Lisa, is both friendly and very quick to be helpful.
I am shocked anyone has anything negative to say.
I cannot recommend Dr Brown enough.
Perfect in everything, excellent delivery, absolutely recommend him to every one.
Dr Brown is amazing.
He took incredible care for me and was there for the delivery of my twins.
In addition, he was always there for my ultrasound appointments, where were often near the end.
His office was very warm and welcoming.
His assistant was friendly with everyone and was more helpful than any other office I have experienced.
You will be in great hands with Dr Brown.
Dr Brown has been my gynaecologist for over 10 years.
He has been by my side during two pregnancies and a recent gynaecologic surgery, which was truly life changing for me.
He will not suggest medications or treatment that is not necessary.
I have referred many friends of mine to see him and we have all be very happy.
His assistant is incredibly busy, but finds the time to get to know and help each of his patients.
They are a fabulous team.
Dr Brown is very knowledgeable and kind especially if you suffer the trauma of a miscarriage.
Doctor Brown delivered my baby at North York general hospital.
He is knowledgeable and is very responsible, I felt really comfortable with him.
Lisa his assistant is also amazing.
I would highly recommend DrBrown.
Dr Brown is a phenomenal physician who is kind, caring, empathetic and knowledgeable.
He recently preformed my hysterectomy and did an incredible job.
He listened, offered support and provided a professional and optimal experience.
His before and after care included top-notch genuine concern for his patients.
His reception Lisa is competent, caring and lovely.
Would highly recommend this surgeon to anyone.
I cannot say enough good things about Dr Brown.
I went to him for all of my pregnancies (twin pregnancy included) and he delivered all 3 of my children.
For my last pregnancy, he came in early to check on me and ran across the hall and out of an appointment to quickly deliver my baby.
He makes his patients a priority, and has a no nonsense approach.
He is knowledgeable, kind, bright beyond his years and knows what is best.
He has excellent support from Lisa, who is wonderful and makes the office run smoothly.
She is just delightful and empathetic when necessary.
I have recommended Dr Brown countless times, and wish I was having my children just to be in his care.
I hope he continues practicing for many more years so other women and babies xanada be as lucky to be in his care.
Dr Brown is an excellent doctor.
He was so helpful when I delivered my first and even though we've moved, I will still have my second at North York General because of him.
He truly is a teaching doctor.
Not just with his students but with his patients.
Dr Brown is a very good doctor.
He is experience, and well knowledgeable.
He does not beat around the bush, he is to the point and makes you feel very comfortable.
Peaceful experience.
Dr brown is a good at what he does.
Knowledgeable, punctual and always ready to answer any questions.
His receptionist Lisa is amazing.
He took great care of me with both my pregnancies.
I've had experience with Dr Brown over the last 5 years.
Knowledgeable, caring and as a bonus punctual.
Great front staff.
No complaints.
I went to Dr Brown after being recommended to him by the Dr who delivered our first child.
We had had infertility issues and had pretty much given up on having another one.
He was patient, listened to us talk about our history, etc and made a recommendation.
We became pregnant on our first IUI treatment.
We unfortunately experienced a couple of miscarriages, but throughout the experiences, Dr Brown was extremely supportive and visited me in the hospital.
His staff was very sensitive and kind also.
In 2006, he delivered our second child.
We will be forever thankful for his support, encouragement and kindness.
I would definitely recommend him.
Just had my first visit (not for a baby) and I was really nervous and like, the doctor was great.
He was nice.
I did not expect the receptionist to be so helpful with the phone always going but she was.
Really respectful.
Wait times are no big deal I was seen pretty close to my appointmint time.
Totally would go back again.
I had a wonderful experience throughout my pregnancy and delivery with Dr Brown.
He was very good at answering all of my questions (there were so many) and made this such an enjoyable experience.
His secretary always greeted me with a smile and I never had to even tell her my name when I checked in.
Dr Brown was there for my delivery and the nurses at North York General hospital were so wonderful.
I agree that Dr Brown is knowledgeable and is a good doctor but I was not happy with his interns.
I was being examined by one of his interns when I was pregnant and by the time he was through, I was left sore and very unhappy.
It was a painful experience.
I felt like I was put in a position where I couldn't say no.
He is a good doctor but should not have inexperienced interns performing examinations on his patients.
Dr Brown is very unpleasant.
He is rude and seems annoyed and grumpy.
We were scared to ask questions due to his abrupt nature and irritability.
I wonder why he chose this profession.
I was really disappointed at Dr Brown after hearing some good reviews by other moms.
The appointments were NEVER on time and the receptionist was terrible.
He is so overbooked and never has any time for his patients.
I felt like the majority of the time he was just trying to hurry through the appointments and had no time to address any of my concerns/questions.
Maybe he has been practicing for too many years and bored of the patient interaction.
I would not recommend him to any first time mother.
He's a great Dr He was my ob for my first and now with my second 11 years later he's great and Lisa ia awesome.
Dr Brown is a fantastic doctor.
He was my obgyn for both my pregnancies and will continue to be if I have more children.
Sadly, he didn't perform either of my c-sections as they were emergency,  but he was in my hospital room first thing the next morning to check on me.
During my second pregnancy, I slipped and fell and when at the hospital, he came to check on me and my baby.
That is a good doctor.
He's always pleasant and so is Lisa.
Dr Brown is an excellent doctor, however, his reception staff are especially rude and don't return calls.
They talk down to everyone and are not helpful - I only return to see Dr Brown, but when I have to speak to his staff to make an appt, they make everything so difficult - I sometimes wonder why I return.
The first time I met DrBrown was in 1996 with my first child, being 19 I felt comfortable Marcel his secretary not very friendly, again in 2002 still comfortable Marcel still not friendly, in 2007 that place was so busy your waiting forever and now that he is at the hospital your parking is not validated and you end up spending so much money, his secretary Marcel in my opinion her attitude is worse does not smile, very sarcastic as well as the other brunette she does not smile either, so here we are with baby number #4 and I am about to return again why?
 I now live in Ajax and I am afraid to deliver there and DrBrown has my history I doubt the secretaries have gotten any better I know what to expect.
Definitely agree with a previous comment if you are a first time mother find someone who is more friendly.
Dr Brown was my physician for my recent pregnancy.
I had an excellent experience with him.
He is very knowledgeable, took the time to explain things to me and addressed each of my concerns and made me feel very reassured.
I only had to wait for one of my appointments so that was great.
His staff are also very pleasant and helpful.
I have already recommended him to friends.
Dr Brown was my Doctor with both of my pregnancies and delivered my second child my 1st was an emergency c-section.
He is fantastic and is actually the reason I would have a 3rd, because he took really good care of me and respected my choices and did a fantastic job sewing me up after my 2nd c-section.
It's been 26 months since my 2nd child was born and I have no scar.
His staff may not be the most freindly of staff, but they get the job done and make sure the Dr sees the patients he needs too.
Dr Brown made me feel safe in both pregancies and is a really fantastic Dr I would deffinetly go back if I have a 3rd child.
Is extremely knowledgable and listens to your concerns.
Does not rush you and answers all questions.
I saw him regarding fibroids and he put me right at ease.
I can see why he has many patients.
Dr Brown is a knowledgeable and extremely professional.
His surgical skills (i.e.c-section) are second to none.
I would recommend him for his skills in a heartbeat.
One thing he needs to work on though is his bed-side manner.
He treats every patient like she is a number, not a person going through something incredibly important, life changing, and in some cases, challenging.
Overall, I cannot stress enough how amazing he is when it comes to his work and skill level.
he always pays attention to detail and is always on the coscious side.
An Excellent doctor.
I wasn't there for a pregnancy but for another medical issue and while I was annoyed at the appointment being so far behind it was clear to me that it was because he takes time with each of his patients.
He explained everything that was happening with tests and results and I felt like all of my questions were answered.
I also felt he was very thorough in the investigation of my problem.
His receptionists are a little gruff, but if you just call for an appointment they're fine.
Dr Brown is intelligent, efficient, and wise,I came to Dr Brown in regards to my fibroid.
I had a large 10 cm that needed to be removed.
He explain and visualize to allow better understanding.Completed surgery.
Stitches look great (he did a wonderful job.).
Quick recovery.
His assistants were very friendly with me and were more helpful than any other office I have experienced.
I wish the best for him.
He is an amazing Doctor.
He was my surgeon less than a year ago and is now going to deliver my second child soon.
His receptionist, Lisa is amazing.
I highly recommend him.
Very happy with Dr Brown and my experience with him has been an excellent one.
He is so experienced, patient, trust worthy and cool.
He is my hero.
He listened to me very well before my surgery.
I felt I am in good hands.
Thank you God for giving him to this world.
Dr Brown delivered my daughter in 2012 and I had the opportunity to have a wonderful and amazing deliver, thanks to him.
He suggested that I help deliver my baby, once her head and shoulders were born with my arms.
Dr Brown is far from competent.
He told us we had to terminate our baby due to complications.
We were absolutely devastated.
He was not kind/warm as others have mentioned.
We had everything scheduled but I investigated other docs and got a second opinion at Mt..
Sinai anyways.
On October 1st my beautiful, perfectly health baby girl was born.
What was Dr Brown thinking?
 The Radiologist at the private ultrasound clinic and staff at Mt..
Sinai were shocked that we were told to end the pregnancy.
It brings me to to tears thinking what we had almost done.
Lesson learned: ALWAYS get a second opinion.
Dr Brown is an amazing doctor.
He's extremely knowledgeable and very cautious.
I would definitly recommend him.
I could not be more pleased with the care that Dr Brown has provided me this far in my pregnancy.
He is incredibly professional and informative, I like doctor's that are to the point and get the job done.
I also appreciate his dry humour, I connect well with that.
Considering how busy he is, and how different events during the day may make him run late (such as deliveries), I've always been impressed how quickly I still get seen.
Also, Lisa is quite possibly the most fantastic receptionist I have ever met.
Absolutely wonderful and so sweet.
Knowledgable but EXTREMELY rude.
At my daughter's birth he told me that my concerns about my own care after the birth were as important as a fly barfing in the amazone.
He yelled at nurses when they reminded him that I didn't want an episiotomy.
I changed drs for my son although I loved NY General.
My partner and I were pleased with the care and guidance DrBrown provided to us throughout my pregnancy.
Would absolutely recommend him to anyone looking for an all-around solid specialist in this field.
I absolutely adore DrBrown.
I really dont understand some of the comments.
His staff has been so helpful with my millions of phone calls and questions that ive had.
If I call them with a problem.
I will always hear back within 24 hours but usually much sooner.
They are always friendly and helpful when I come in for appointments.
Dr Brown him self is actually a very funny many and Ive read some comments on here and it just seems to be from people that might not understand his humor.
I love how lighthearted his outlook is on the whole process of pregnancy and it has definitely help put my mind at ease.
Ive heard of people waiting for 2-3 hours for their appointment at other offices.
I would recommend Dr Brown in a heartbeat.
Horrible receptionist.
She goes out of her way to make things difficult for the patient along with her Condescending attitude.
I read many of these reviews before my first appointment with Dr B and was glad when i realized i had nothing to worry about.
He is very quick and efficient but if you need to sit down and ask him questions he doesnt rush you out or make you feel like you are annoying him.
I appreciated his dry humor and his straighforwardness.
Agreed he is not the touchy-feely type, but as long as he took care of me and my baby that is all that mattered.
Sadly he was not there for the delivery of my baby, but i knew i was having a big baby and a c-section was a possibility and thanks to our conversations when the time came to make the c-section decision, we knew what we had to do.
Also, his receptionist is a sweetie, so nice and helpful and like someone else said, she always remembered my name and greeted me with a smile everytime.
I must have been lucky, all my appt's were on time, i never had to wait while he delivered a baby.
I have recommended Dr B to many friends.
Although I found him to be very knowledgeable, Dr Brown is lacking in bedside manner.
Maybe I seemed to catch him on his bad days but I wasn't impressed with how he was quickly dismissive of certain issues.
Sure they may not have been a big deal to someone who sees these things every day, but not to me.
I left my appointments still feeling unsettled and worried.
I was even afraid to ask questions.
I had greater expectations from the reviews of other moms.
Needless to say, I am disappointed.
Then again, eventually these doctors are just running a business in the baby-delivering service.
Some are just better than others.
In our case Dr Brown made a brutal medical mistake.
Nice guy, just incompetent.
if you can afford it go see him at false creek, he is simply a smart man and honest, he won't bs you at all, go see him first or for a second opioion before you let anyone touch your nose, the nose is so important.
Dr Javer continues to follow-up with me following sinus surgery over three years ago.
I recently had a different surgery on my brain out of province and had potential complications that needed to be addressed.
Dr Javer was able to help me with a professional diagnostic assessment, responding to all my fears and explain the cause of the persistent nasal drip.
I am so fortunate to be his patient and ever-grateful for his excellent care.
Lucky enough to find doctor Javier, He is true great doctor in medical field.
God bless him because him I can breath freely again.
Years ago, this doctor (if you can call him that) nearly killed me and left me with a life long disability.
He prescribed an antibiotic after my sinus surgery that was not suitable for me.
I questioned him about and he said it was safe for me.
I ended up in ICU for 2 weeks.
When i told him about it months later, he merely said things like that happen.
 Disgusting.
Ihope karma finds him because he took away my livelihood and I have been living in pain ever since.
I would have sued him if the laws in Canada were not so protective of doctors.
I never even got an apology.
Stay away from him.
Dr Javer is a brilliant diagnostician and surgeon, as well as a caring and compassionate human being.
I had to find him on my own as none of the specialists I was seeing had any idea of the cause of my excruciating pain.
He is very busy but will always respond to e-mails.
Every day I give thanks for having the great privilege of having Dr Javer as my surgeon and ENT.
Superbly organised.
Ever since my operation two years ago, I have received excellent follow-up support from him.
He solved what to other specialists appeared to be a hopeless case of severe sinusitis.
I am extremely disappointed in the results from my recent surgery (Jan 2011) that was guaranteed to fix my sinus problems, which I asked him repeatedly because my surgery was to cost $8000.
I am sure he did a good job but my original symptoms, complaint and overall reason I went to see him in the first place were never fixed.
Now $9000+ later including countless prescriptions I have given up allowing him to guess.
 If Dr Javer would listen instead of repeatedly bragging about how good of a surgeon he is even after he was well aware of my disappointment that my original symptoms and complaint hadn't been fixed I would give him a different rating even with the poor results(IMO of course.
But I am the only the patient).
I do believe he is a good person but it's unfortunate his ego got in the way of his work.
Even though I had to wait 3 years for my sinus surgery, the results were excellent, recovery was much easier than I expected, and I've emailed DrJaver many times and he will answer within minutes, even on a weekend.
Dr Javer is the best.
There is no specialist who is better and I've seen plenty over the last 10 years.
He is genuinely caring, concerning and competent.
I recommend him to anyone who has persistent, unresolved sinus issues.
The Patrick Kane of ENT surgeons.
 Which is to say he has hands of uncanny precision and skill.
 In an area where success is measured in the most minute of increments, he is in that most elite of percentiles, operating on a mind-boggling scale of exactitude and expertise.
 With compassion and charisma to match his transhuman skill level, Dr J is truly one of a kind.
 Dipset.
Dr Javer and his team are exemplary.
I can ask for no better.
I adore him.
Such a knowledgeable, kind, caring, cheerful doctor every time I see him, which is often as I have a chronic condition.
I am never rushed and he answers all my questions.
A true expert in his field.
I cannot possibly say enough good things about Dr Javer.
I feel so very fortunate to be under his care.
I have had 6 sinus surgeries, 3 with Dr Javer.
He is a wonderful person, not only did he fix my problem, that 2 other doctors couldn't but he also treated me like a human being not just another surgery.
I just wish the hospital and the government would give him more surgery time so that he could help more people and also train more young doctors.
I have never met a more caring doctor.
Dr Javer is amazing.
He is very knowledgable and highly skilled.
Dr Javer is passionate about his speciality and the advancement of ENT skills through research and teaching.
He gave me back my quality of life.
To those that feel the same I ask that you consider sending a donation to St..
Paul's Hospital Sinus Centre, Vancouver, B.C..
to support ongoing research and continued teaching of the future ENTs in learning these highly skilled procedures with the goal that all patients have access to excellent ENT care.
Dr Javer is a terrific physician.
After 2 years of debilitating sinus disease and associated asthma, I luckily referred to him and, after surgery and ongoing treatment, I am finally back to work and enjoying life again.
He is skilled, knowledgeable, empathic and, quite simply, the best.
He also has an active research program to follow-up on new, innovative treatments.
We are fortunate to have a doctor like Dr Javer in BC.
Not particularly knowledgeable or helpful.
Staff was okay, his punctuality is better than the public system.
Dr Javer and his entire team are amazing.
They are caring, punctual, knowledgeable, their followup is impeccable, and Dr Javer is totally up on all the latest trends, treatments, and techniques in the ENT world.
We are very, very lucky that he has maintained his practice in BC and hasn't left for a sunnier and more remunerative practice in the US.
I ask my ENT speacialist if she needed sinus surgery who would she use?
She said she would not let anyone touch her sinus's but Dr Javar.
He did my surgery and he really is everything you want in a doctor.
His skills known and respected among the medical comunnity worldwide and he is one of the most caring person you will ever meet.
I feel so lucky to have him as my doctor.
Dr Javer is the best surgeon I have ever dealt with and I have dealt with many different surgeons.
He is calm, very smart, and has a true desire to help his clients.
I have emailed him on two different matters after my sinus surgery and he has responded almost instantly.
All the while, he is helping other patients, instructing students, and attending conferences all over the world.
If you have any health issues related to his field of expertise I highly advise you to go visit him.
He changed my life.
I regret waiting 3 years for a nose operation that did nothing ,I stil cannot breth propely and still using steroid sprays.
Dr Amin Javer popularity is hype and lies.
he should be fired from  St..
pauls Hospital.
Dr Javer is truly a gift to his field.
He is so brilliant yet kind and personable at the same time.
I appreciated his listening ear and though he is a busy man I never felt like I was being rushed through my appointment.
He took the time to listen to my questions and being able to reach him by email about my concerns just endeared him to me even more.
 The surgery has helped to give me my life back.
I can finally breathe easier and have less sinus pressure and pain.
Excellent doctor.
Lot of knowledge.
The best.
He really takes time to listen and care about patient issues.
He saved my husband.
The friendlies tbedside manner I've ever come across in a physician.
He made a terribly uncomfortable and painful procedure the easiest it could have been.
The very best.
Dr Javer and his staff are amazing.
He is so skilled, patient and kind.
If he is running late, it is because he has spent extra time with a patient.
I can't image going to any other ENT.
Awesome Doc, I've known him for years.
Great guy, very caring, treats you like a family member.
Knows his stuff, I'm a CF patient at St Paul's and have never met a better doctor or human being.
When I needed sinus surgery, I decided to seek out the very best, after having had negative experiences with other ENT specialists.
Dr Javer was excellent - caring, informative, and extremely competent.
The only drawback to the surgery was that I had to pay for it myself, since there was a 7 year waiting period here in BC.
However, that has nothing to do with Dr Javer, but with the incompetence of our provincial government.
When all else failed and I was about to go under invasive surgery that may or may not have been successful, Dr Javer stepped in and saved my life.
Without his knowledge and skill, I would not have had my life back.
I no longer have the painful sinus condition and after surgery, recovered to almost perfect.
His attention to detail, caring ways and patient demeanor have changed my life.
I know that I can count on him to make it better.
I could not have asked for a better Dr and if you have a chance to see him, its worth the wait.
His staff have always beem accommodating and willing to work with me in emergency situations and to support my complicated needs when necessary.
He makes me feel like I am important everytime and is never too busy to listen.
One of the best.
 Dr Javer is a great Dr and does wonderful work.
 I have AFS and had to have 2 surgeries to remove mucoeles and thanks to him I am so much more healthy.
 His desk staff are brutal, a number of years ago he had some good front staff with compassion and empathy but the staff that you have to deal with now can tarnish the whole experience.
 They are so lacking in understanding and genuine friendliness that I am considering looking for a different ENT in spite of how good DrJaver is.
 Bottom line: Dealing with DrJaver is a great experience, dealing with his front staff is the exact opposite.
I cannot rate Dr Javer highly enough.
He has been outstanding.
Anyone with serious sinus issues lucky enough to be referred to this specialist is in excellent hands.
He is personable, he listens and the gets to the root cause of chronic conditions.
Probably the best doctor I have ever seen.
Highly recommended.
Doctor Javer is amazing.
He is everything you want in a Doctor and his staff are highly trained too.
He is very knowledgeable, a great listener, very efficient with his time and actually makes you feel like your health matters to him.
He genuinely wants the best care for every patient he treats.
Just exceptional.
Absolutely by far the best Dr to have in your corner.
Kind, caring but foremost the best in his field and I've seen many.
Dr Javer its only day 1 post op for me and I already know and feel it's a great success.
Pain is minimal and I even look better than before the surgery, already.
Best of all after nearly 4 yeafs of struggling I'm already breathing much better.
Thank you thank you thank you,Oh and your staff out best any of my past experiences.
Polite,warm, friendly and know their jobs.
DrJaver is an excellent surgeon.
 I had a sinus problem over 10years, not a single specialist could able to help me for my symptoms such as no sense of smell and no sense of taste.
 When I first met him 3years ago, he was a fist doctor who said I can help you with your problems that you suffered for many year.
 What a releaf to hear such wonderful words.
 I too chose to go through False Creek centre over 7 years wait at St..
Paul's hospital.
It was a wonderful experience at the private hospital.
 It was a bit expensive but it was worth it to pay so much to get such a wonderful treatment.
 I see Dr Javer every 8 weeks now, but he still is so sincere and thoughtful about my symptoms.
I recommend him highly.
Three years ago I had bilateral computer assisted sinus surgery to remove polyps, sadly a un benign mucosal retention cyst was left in and the collapsed nasal valves were not repaired.
I have suffered endlessly with a fungal infection, popping left nostril, fluid in my ears.
Have had nothing out my nose for 20 years now.
The surgery did not address anything, just made my symptoms so much worse, now having to see an oral surgeon to address the tooth pain and pressure.
Scans show a white matter of unknown origin which no ent has ever looked at.
This has not been a pleasant experience.
Add me to the list of patients who think Dr Javer is simply the best combination of incredible doctor and warm, caring human being.
I, too, chose the FCSC route over the 5 year wait time, and it was the best money I've ever spent.
He called my home after the surgery to see how I was.
He took such excellent care of me, and is always available via e-mail to discuss concerns.
Highly recommend this doctor's services.
I am over the moon grateful for Dr Javer's finesse and skill in alleviating my breathing situation after enduring almost 3 years of poor quality of life, I can now breath, eat and sleep like a normal person.
He goes above and beyond other ENT's skill level and perfectionism.
Once again, thank you Dr Javer and God bless.
Dr Javer is amazing.
I am currently recovering from surgery, and am already feeling better than I was before, even though I haven't fully healed yet.
He is patient and kind, he doesn't sugarcoat anything or patronize, and I am so happy that I waited so long to see him.
He is the best.
This man completely cured me of my inflamed turbinates and his knowledge and professionalism is astounding.
 I think it is no surprise that I'm sure he is the best ENT in BC, if not one of the very top in Canada.
 My only regret is not going to him sooner and having several failed procedures from another ENT.
I'm a HHT patient and begun to bleed heavely starting on the 13 of September.
I was cauterized  twice one with silve nitrate and the other with electrode.
They were painfull and useless.
i had passed trough 6 more heavy bled until I was treated by Dr Javer.
He almost stop my nose bleeding with a simple non invasive prescription.
A gel and a pill to low my blood pressure,Since then, 3 weeks ago, I haven't bleed.
Just some drops that it stops easily.
Dr Javer is the best.
He has been my saviour and I am so grateful for all he has done for my sinus problems.
Dr Javer is very talented both as a Doctor and business man.
Give him credit for what he has done as an educator for the up and comers and thank him daily for being in our Province.
I'm so lucky to have this man treating me,The only one who has helped me over my years of chronic sinus issues.
he has kept me from more  surgery for 7 yr now and is a caring respectful man.
I am a patient of Dr Javer's, have had sinus surgery with him a year ago.
He is the most wonderful doctor I have ever had the pleasure to be with.
He listens to you and respects a person, never lies.
He has improved my life by 100%.
I am very honored to have him as my Sinus Specialist.
Dr Javer, Changed my life.
 He is an amazing Dr and I had wonderful results.
I recommend him to everyone.
A fantastic Dr and a very caring man, He knows me by name he answers my questions.
But I am glad I did.
Dr Javer is the finest EENT Doctor that I have met.
I had sinus surgery about 5 years ago.
He was approachable, kind, so professional, efficient, and such a role model of what a doctor should be.
I would recommend him to anyone.
I had nose surgery 2 years ago and I still cannot breath properly,I waited 3 years for nothing.
Dr Amin Javer uses these doctor students one of them put the camera up my nose very forceful and I told him to take it out and I refused for letting a Doctor student examin  me  again  I regret waiting 3 years  for a nose operation that did nothing.
why Dr Amin Javer is so popular I have no clue half of the time he uses students to do his work.
pauls hospital he is two face  over polite and phoney.
i call dr amin javer a cnn hero, not enough words can describe this man who saved me.
Have been a patient of Dr Javer for many years, he is nothing short of the best, highly recommended.
Dr javars was a breath of fresh air and made should a difference in my quality of life.
After a ten year battle with no breathing from my nose and two surgery, I can finally breath and have for about a month.
Best doctor I have ever dealt with.
His confidence and knowledge will always make any comfortable.
Our son had surgery for a deviated septum and we were lucky enough to find Dr Javer through a referral from a friend.
The surgery was textbook and our son's recovery time and outcome was incredible.
Since the surgery we have found out about at least 4 other friends that have had surgery performed by Dr Javer and each had 5-star experiences as well.
His demeanor and knowledge make for the best experience you can hope for.
His staff was also top notch and always helpful.
I have never met a more caring and knowledgeable man than Dr Javer.
 He does amazing work and is very down to earth and human while doing it.
 I wish there were not only more doctors like him, but more human beings like him.
He has performed 2 surgeries on me and I have never felt so comfortable and trusting in any doctor as I am with him.
He is so professional and very caring.
I work in health care and with doctors every day and I must say he is one of a kind.
He really truly is a role model of what every doctor should be,I would HIGHLY recommend this doctor.
Not only is Dr Javer world renowned, he is an amazing person, both brilliant and caring.
He has improved the quality of my life.
He really cares about his patients, is immensely knowledgable and takes time to  listen and explain.
 This doctor is extraordinary.
Excellent Doctor, Excellent Helpfulness, Excellent Knowledge, Stuff Okay.
Dr Javer is a kind, gentle, smart, talented man.
 He fixed my sinusitis and my deviated septum and I couldn't be happier with the results or the follow-up.
 I was dealing with other health issues at the same time as this and he couldn't have been more accommodating or understanding.
 My deviated septum was genetic and I wish all my family could come to Vancouver and get the surgery done by him.
Very knowledgeable doctor who truly cares for his patients.
Via email he is very accessible and will answer any question you may have.
 His office staff at St.Paul's are less friendly then the staff at the False Creek clinic.
Dr Javer is just amazing.
I read these ratings before my first surgery.
All of the review helped to easy my fears.
From start to finish, consultation to recovery room, Dr Javer, and his interns, are professional, thorough, polite, and compassionate.
He even answers his emails twice a day.
If you need to trust your head to anyone, this is your man.
Dr Javer is definitely the best.
Having him in BC is a blessing for all of us patients suffering of sinus issues.
Dr Javer's exemplar professional ethics and willingness to genuinely help patients   it's very rare.
Amazing surgeon and human being.
One of the best Drs we have ever dealt with,he is  kind ,caring, incredibly educated,  with the utmost respect for his patients.
Truly one of a kind.
We are grateful he is our sons Dr..
Very caring and knows his stuff.
I would recommend him to anyone needing an ENT.
He is a very knowledgeable specialist in his field, and has helped me tremendously.
Dr, Javer is an amazing surgeon.
Its been a year since my operation and I have my life back.
I have discussed my operation with other surgeons and they all agree that only Dr Javer could have done this incredibly challenging surgery.
Dr Javer is the apex of his trade.
I was very lucky to be treated by him, and his team.
I have nothing but good things to say about Dr Javer and his staff.
Unfailingly helpful and kind.
Very knowledgeable.
I have to say that I don't understand  the odd negative comment.
Dr Javer is the second sinus surgeon I've seen and he is day to the night of the previous surgeon.
Not even in the same galaxy, let alone on the same planet.
I'd also like to commend the great post-op care I got at St Pauls Hospital.
Very focussed, gentle and competent.
Dr Javer diagnosed me almost immediately after I met with him, something two other ENT's failed to do in the previous year and a half of having recurring sinus infections.
 When I told Dr Javer I'd previously had nasal/sinus surgery, he believed me and easily confirmed that my sinus infections were the result of that surgery, and that I'd need to have surgery to repair my septum.
 Dr Javer was so helpful and kind, and completely honest about how long the public medical system would take to get to me with the current waitlist for surgery (over two years, the medical system is a poorly managed mess in BC).
Unfortunately Erin at his office has a terrible attitude and is extremely unpleasant to deal with.
I waited 3 years for a nose operation that did not improve my breathing but made it worse.
He said that the operation had straightened my septum.
I went to multiple other doctors after for a second opinion and they also said that it was not fixed and there are no other options now since it will disfigure my nose if they touch it again.
I have learned that you do not trust one doctor and you have to see multiple specialists before you decide to go with surgery.
Dr Javer is an amazing doctor.
This great doctor is a true superstar in the medical field.
I had some sinus issues replied to my email instantly after visiting him 3 moths ago still didn't forget me and gave me a prescription.
This is not just a great doctor doing a job but a great human being.
Great doctors, should be rewarded for there excellence in patient care.
This is my small way of saying thank you for being a caring doctor.
Not very happy.
A surgery that supposed to fix a minor issue became a challenging situation leading to unexpected complications.
I agree with someone else's characterization of Erin being extremely unpleasant to deal with.
Dr Javer is the kindest, most sincere, skilled and professional medical person I have ever had.
He has performed computer assisted sinus surgery on me twice for a chronic condition, and now has it manageable and under control.
I would highly recommend Dr Javer and wish there were more like him.
Thank YOU.
I have been ill in excess of 18 mos.
 and for the first time in a long while that I have not been treated like some whining patient looking for a cure for the common cold.
 I emailed and received a response within hours and I am very relieved and thankful that I will have regular contact and support until my surgery.
I implore our government to assist & help get rid if such lengthy waiting lists.
Dr Javer is an excellent doctor and was able to diagnose and treat me for a chronic illness that I have suffered since childhood.
 He is one of the best doctors that I have ever seen.
He probably saved my life.
After seeing two incompetent ENTs and having several surgeries to remove polyps, I finally was able to see Dr Javer.
Diagnosed my with Cancer on the spot, was in treatment very soon.
No one else could figure it out, but it was plainly obvious to him.
If you are looking for a doctor who will rush  you and take 1 minute with you to make a diagnosis + plan, then he is your man.
He pushes his patients for surgery without entertaining other non-invasive management options.
Dr Javer has excellent knowledge and a wonderful, warm personality.
 I felt very comfortable speaking with him.
 He is very patient-centered and dedicated.
He is the BEST.
An amazing specialist.
 His knowledge in this field is outstanding.
He is kind and patient.
Dr Javer treats his patients with great respect.
My experience was great with his staff and Dr Javer,Thank You.
Dr Javer helped relieve chronic sinusitis by opening my frontal sinus passages, and saved my career as a scientific research diver.
I owe everything to him and his very competent staff.
He has always answered my emails and gone above and beyond to accommodate.
Dr Javer is truly the best in his specialty.
Dr Javer is the kindest and most knowledgeable doctor.
He saved my life and I am forever grateful.
He and his stuff we great.
Very helpful and compassion it to my needs.
I have spend 8 years seeing another ent specialist and he didn't fix anything and Dr Jarvis was a breath of fresh air and gave me hope to feel pain free.
Dr Javer is the best doctor ever.
I just came out of surgery, and I must say, he fixed my problem.
He is the best doctor ever.
Everyone should go to him.
Dr Javer and staff were very nice.
Unfortunatly before my wife had sinus surgery we were not informed that there was a chance that the surgery could go bad,she ended up with facial nerve damage under the right eye.
Yes a lady who was loved by her clients, and staff at the bank she loved working at for 20 years, transformed from a very happy lady who loved life to a lady who lives off of strong prescription drugs, tired of throwing up almost every day and at times wishing she was dead.
All Dr javer could say when she was healed was I am very pleased with how the surgery healed.
O here is the phone number to a good pain specialist,we left his office in shock,what worries me is how many more are out there that have experienced what my wife has experienced.
Dr Javer and his team are kind, gentle, effective, and patient.
Few professionals are of his caliber.
 He did my surgery, and I had 5 prior sinus surgeries.
 The results of his surgery were outstanding and clearly visible upon endoscopic exam.
 Even for the untrained eye of a patient like me.
 Dr Javer has been doing  a super job of post-surgical care ever since,For those of you contemplating sinus surgery, there are a few things you should know.
First, sinus surgery is very delicate.
The space where the surgeon operates is measured in millimeters.
 Second, some of our sinuses are close to the optic nerves, and the frontal lobe of the brain, where our personality resides.
 Provide your surgeon with the best, most up to date MRI or CAT scan results you can.
 Given all of this, the rate of post-surgical complications is remarkably low.
However, the possibility of complications is always there, and you should bear this in mind when you sign the consent form.
 The high success rate is due to the skill of the surgeon, and the modern minimally invasive endoscopic sinus surgery.
 The stats are in your favor.
Thanks Dr Javer.
 He has repaired every mess other ENT Drs have done to me including the reversing an unnecessary Frontal Sinus Obliteration done in the 80s and most recently removing clips and subsequent mucoseal cyst left in my eyeball from 1975 sinus surgery.
 He's really the best.
Had sinus surgery with Dr Javer which potentially life threatening.
Unfortunately with our horrendous BC medical system, MSP would only cover if I were admitted to the hospital with a brain infection-near death.
It was inevitable that this was going to happen so my only option was to pay privately.
 The surgery went smoothly and I am back to normal.
It was amazing how the residents and other doctors look highly upon Dr Javer.
He is amazing and will answer your questions immediately if you have any concerns.
If anyone is looking for a sinus surgeon, he is the one to see.
Unfortunately the wait time is just appalling.
If you are fortunate enough to see him privately, he is well worth it.
Dr Javar has given me hope after having sinus headaches and being sick for so long.
I am so looking forward to my surgery.
Dr Javar is so easy to talk to, he listens to you and answers.
Dr Tahirkheli is a very good Doctor.
My husband has a complicated heart valve problem that requires constant testing and attention.
He gets it with this office and Doctor.
The Nurses and Technicians are gentle, and knowledgable.
Dr Tahirkheli is calm, supportive, and kind.
He takes time to answer questions.
His staff is exceptional.
I feel blessed to have him.
When I first met Dr T, he didnt beat around the bush, he's serious about his profession and serious about keeping you alive, he and his staff are very concerned and dig deep.
He went the whole nine yards with whatever problem I had.
He is over worked but I believe he genuinely cares about his patients and keeping you alive; he told me, I've been doing all I can now it's time for you to do something for self and exercise because I've done everything I can for you.
I first came to Dr Tahirkheli because I had blood clots in my arm and armpit, I'm still here today because of him.
Very good at explaining my health condition and options for my future health care.
Could not ask for a better or more helpful doctor or staff.
I have a blocked artery and chest pain.
He sent me home with libroderm patch and aleeve.
Said he does not think my chest pain is caused by the blockage.
This Dr has 6 mdeical negs suits with 3 resulting in death.
A degree from Pakistan.
Doctor and staff make patients feel at ease.
He is a great doctor.
He seems to care and pay attention.
When I get sick he gets me well.
Dr T is very intelligent.
I feel very safe with him.
There isn't anything I can say bad about him.
In 2014 Dr T heard on the ultrasound my neck was more clogged then what the report said, when he went in and looked he was right.
When you see his face you know help has arrived.
He is my favorite doctor.
He take time to answer and explain any issues.
He very friendly and kind.
Made me feel comfortable and very knowledgeable about my condition.
I've found the right doctor for me.
 He is the worst doctor, and I do not know who sends him patients.
I told my family doctor that he better never send any patients to him.
He is not a doctor, he is a businessman.
Please check his medical law suit history prior to going to him.
He has multiple law suits settled.
Do not go to him.
My recent visit with Dr Tahirkheli was very thorough, as usual.
Even tho he is so busy somehow he gives you your personal time.
His PA and nursing staff is very good too.
Every one was very nice and helpful a big thanks to all of the staff.
Josh and Justin were great.
Really made me feel at ease.
The PA was very helpful and explained things to my understanding.
Dr Tahirkhile was awesome.
Great table side manners.
Explained what he thought and procedures to be done.
Dr T is an excellent person.
He answered any questions I may have.
Provide good care.
Always smiling.
Dr Tahirkheli has treated 7 members of my family, and while he comes off as abrupt sometimes, it is because he cares and trying to make an impression on you to take care of yourself.
He gave is 9 more years with my father, and they were quality years.
He is the best Dr I have ever been to and all my family and friends that see him feel the same.
I don't get the negative reviews.
You might have to wait a few min, but he spends time with each patient making sure they understand and are comfortable with their treatment.
He is definitely worth the wait.
I want to highly recommend Dr Tahirkheli and say thank you to him for all he has done.
I have great respect and confidence in Dr Tahirkheli.
He and all the staff are very personable and professional I always recommend Dr T to my friends.
They got me through my doctors appt and stress test quickly, which was for my dot recertifacation, always top shelf service.
Doctor was very informative and took time to listen to any poblems or concerns I had.
Dr Tahrikheli is the most knowledgeable heart doctor my family has ever seen.
He's very thorough, professional and pleasant.
We highly recommend Dr T to anyone needing a heart specialist.
The PA took her time to explain things to me and my family.
We didn't feel rushed.
She's going to go far in her profession.
Thanks Dr T for excellent training and picking the right person for your patients.
The entire staff was friendly and accomodating.
The Dr spent time with me and answered all of my questions.
I was very happy with the entire experience.
My calf's felt like they were 100 pounds each, cramping like crazy, and they were constantly falling asleep.
I had the an RFA of the GSV done to my left leg first and had to get the right side done immediately because the results were astounding and immediate.
Dr Tahirkheli is the man and his staff are as professional as can be, I would refer him and this procedure to anyone.
Thank you Dr Tahirkheli for everything you have done.
An excellent physician.
His supervision and care have sustained me for years.
I am always treated with the greatest respect by Dr Tahirkheli and every member of his staff.
They go out of their way to insure that I'm comfortable, informed of all they are doing and the results of all bloodwork and test that may ha e been done.
I've been a patient of Dr Tahirkeli for a number of years he and his entire team seem to constantly learn and improve their skills.
I would never consider changing cardiologist.
Dr T and your whole team are the best.
The re-hab crew was a wonderful group of people.
I did not stick to the plan and gained weight and my numbers went up.
All my fault.
I feel that I let you all down, especially Dr T..
My plan is to work harder and get in better shape.
You all have worked so hard to help me.
I believe I must so more.
Thank you Dr T and everyhone that works with you.
Dr T has been extremely effective aswell as caring about his patients.
I owe my life to him.
He has saved my life numerous times.
He takes time to talk with the family and ensure everyone understands what is happening.
Shows a genuine interest in getting to know the patient which is a nice departure from other doctors we have experienced.
Go to abim.org and do your research.
Dr Tahirkheli is NO longer certified so he should not portray himself to be and have this information on his cards.
My last visit with Dr Tahirkheli was a follow up appointment to discuss the results of my hospital stay while Dt T was on vacation.
I had a stent placed and Dr T was very thorough in going over my future treatment.
He went over all my meds, discussed my blood pressure and let me know when to continue my cardiac rehab.
As usual, his staff was excellent.
My wife and I having been going to him for 10+ yrs.
Simply the BEST.
My wife had serious heart valve problems and he diagnosed them very good.
Met in ER room, as he was the cardiologist on call, then he did a procedure, (stint) within 20 min.
Explained on the computer to me and my wifes dad exactly what he was going to do.
Staff is excellent too.
Will work with you om pmts.
Always explained procedures & things to us very well.
Usually, very busy with scheduling, but worth the wait.
OHH is Great too, which he has ownership in.
There staff was excellent too.
We both just like him very well.
Dr T and his staff are the best ever, they r friendly, helpful.
Best staff And Doctor I've ever seen.
I truly believe they have saved my life.
can't thank them enough.
I had no problems with this visit at all.
Everyone employed at the clinic seemed to be on task in a timely manner,was focused on patient care.
This clinic is a very busy place.
However, there were no issues with my wait time, etc.
I appreciate the good attitudes of every staff member encountered during my visit.
Everyone LISTENED, was courteous and informative.
Thank you for being awesome.
I love the staff and overall feeling that they truly care.
I have always been impressed by the professional manner with which my treatment has been administered.
I have a wonderful doctor take care to me and I'm glad found to him.
Thank you Doctor Naeem T..
For everything.
Excellent Doctor and staff.
The most courteous and competent doctor and staff I have ever encountered.
I would highly recommend this hospital and doctor to anyone in need of this type service they have earned my complete faith and respect.
Very satisfied.
Everyone listened to my concerns and made a plan for my health.
I've been coming to Dr T for 10 years and he is always very interested in what I have to say he pays attention to what I have to say about symptoms and etc.
He is always concerned about my well being.
He is very nice doctor unlike some.
You may have to wait to see him but it is worth it.
I know he saved my life,Dr Tahirkheli and staff are outstanding.
I fill safe with the knowledge and helpfulness as they work as a team.
Very impersonal greetings, clearly, no one is interested in anything but talking to each other out in the halls.
I did like the 'intake' nurse, who was efficient and seemed very competent.
There is no real 'interaction' with patients.
It seems it is 'us' versus 'them', meaning we the patient, are 'below' the office staff, just cattle to be herded into rooms and left to the doctor's discretion.
No one comes to check on you and you stay 2 hours wondering if someone has forgotten you.
All staff was caring, attentive and provided excellent care.
I have had approximately 30 surgeries in my lifetime.
I can say without a doubt this was the best hospital and recovery experience that I have ever had thru the years.
Dr T and his staff are very knowledgeable and caring.
We always leave there feeling like we have received the best care possible.
No surprises, went well and actually got in a couple minutes before appointment time.
Friendly, helpful reception and all techs, nursing, PA and Dr T who is great as always.
Dr Taherkheli and his staff did an excellent job.
I was nervous about the whole situation but they were very friendly and made me feel comfortable.
I appreciate Dr Taherkheli and his team.
Dr Tahirkheli is an excellent doctor.
He is calm, patient, and kind.
He takes time to answer questions.
His staff is first rate.
I feel safe in their hands and feel truly lucky to have them.
I was treated real well.
I made a lot of friends.
It doesn't feel like I am going to a hospital or clinic everyone is wonderful.
I have been going to Dr T for 19 years - he has saved my life and extended it for many more years.
He will be my heart doctor until he retires.
He says he won't retire so he will be my doctor until I die.
I am always pleased with my treatment at Dr T's.
The doctor and staff are wonderful.
I had Vasovagal syncope for 40 years and he is the only person to fix me.
I love him he is a miracle worker.
Knowledgeable and good care, but hate waiting several hours past appt time in the waiting area, then another hour in the exam room.
Makes you wonder if they forgot you were there.
A little courtesy is helpful, tell me he is running late and how long of a wait.
Maybe I can get some errands done instead.
My experience at Dr T..
Office is always a excellent and kind experience.
Everyone in his office from the front office, to the ladies that you pay on your way out are the best.
The staff even remembers my name.
I am treated like I am the only patient, even though I know it isn't true.
I changed doctors to be his patient and I'm very glad I did.
long wait time - short time with doctor- don't feel like anything was accomplished - he doesn't care about his patients anymore Had some problems with him changing my meds Called 3 days ago and asked them to return my call Still waiting.
No one answers the phone You only get a recording.
I had a cardiac issue whike on vacation.
Dr Tahirkheli was made aware of this problem and workef me in at his office within 48 hours.
He discussed a specific plan of action, which will probably mean a pacemaker within the next few weeks.
I totally trust Dr Tahirkheli with my life.
Dr T and his staff very professional and answered all my questions as well as any my wife had.
Took alot of time explaining things to us.
Dr T is one of the best heart doctor's in the state of Oklahoma.
He is very busy because he is so good.
He is my husband, mother and mother-in-laws heart doctor.
My husband had 3 blockages and took care of his problem with positive results.
You talk to any doctor in this state and they say he's the best.
When you are that high in demand you will have to wait.
Very professional and thorough.
I appreciate the great attention I received.
Everything is excellent at this Dr and Heart Hospital.
Every Dr and hospital should be run like this.
I do not have this in Ardmore.
Thank you for everything that you do.
Please keep up the great work and great service.
You have helped me in a lot of ways more than just taking care of my heart.
you and your team have been really great about helping me both mentally as well as physically thank you for everything that you've done.
Hes a great Dr Caring spen?
Hes been my cardio -Logist since 2006 when i went to hospital with a heartattack i suffered at work.
Hes excellent.
I would recommend Dr Tahirkheli and his staff to anyone that ever needed any type of treatment.
He is the most Loving and CARING Doctor I ever had.
My husband and I think the world of him.
Been with Dr Tahirkheli for a long time.
He is a very forward professional that has taken excellent care of my husband.
He explains procedures and test results the way you can understand what is happening.
He is a excellent Doctor.
As always the best.
Am so greatful for the friendly and knowledgeable staff and can't say how much DrT means to me for keeping me alive all these past years.
I had a short wait time & I'm happy to have DrT for my doctor.
Dr Taherkheli is one of the most effecient, professional and caring doctors that has ever treated me.
I have been in his care for more than five years,He has literally saved my life two times and I am and will always be eternally grateful to this wonderful Doctor,He is the best.
The wait time was not too long.
The nurses handled the preliminary checks professionally and timely with concern for my comfort.
The Doctor took time to review the findings from my labs and discuss areas of concern with me.
He seemed to talk down to my mother and was very disrespectful.
Awesome Cardiologist and a very efficient team of health care professionals.
Very caring and knowledgeable, prompt and courteous.
Could not have dreamt of better care.
god bless Oklahoma Heart Hospital, Dr Tahirkheli and his wonderful team of health care professionals.
Very professional staff.
I have all my faith in Dr T and his staff.
A superb staff on all areas.
And Infully trust Dr T..
He is arrogant & rude as every body has described him.
This is a job that requires patience, compassion and professonalism that he doesn't HAVE any, as he was very Hostile towards our scared little kid, also terrible bed-side manner, and in one case he didn't prescribed right medicine.
Wish he'd move away from this Clinic or simply recommand changing his profession.
this doctor is a waste of time.
i just came back from seeing him.
he didnt know what my issue was about.
he told me the internet was crap, when really, the internet knew more about my problem than he did.
he prescribed me a mouth wash to numb my mouth instead of actually trying to help/fix my problem.
i will not give him my business again, ever.
Best family dr ever.
Professional, caring, attentive.
Has no problem referring you to another specialist.
Very knowledgeable and always ready to explain things.
I have moved to newmarket yet still go to richmondhill to see him, cause its truly hard to find another family dr as great as him.
It is a blessing to have hin in Richmond Hill.
My family is lucky to have him as family doctor and would never ever wish to change our doctor for any reason.
He is a throrough professional,knowledgable and affectionate.
His diagnosis is the best and he prescribes medicines that helps you heal.
If you ask him to get the moon for you, surely he won't be able to and maybe will sound rude.
But he is one of the best human I have seen around.
May Dr Hagighat reach the height of his dreams and carry on his commmittment to the community.
I just had my first yearly check up with Dr Haghighat and it was the most complete check up I have ever had.
My past family doctor didn't spend half as much time for the check up.
He was very informative and paid attention to details and did not rush me at all.
It was worth nearly 2 years of being on his waiting list.
 In the waiting room it was interesting hearing all the good things his other patients had to say about him both as a wonderful person and as a great doctor.
 We are happy to have him as our family doctor and hope he does not move away from Richmond Hill.
by the way, the staff are also very friendly and extremely caring.
Rude, very full of himself without merit, has a lot to learn and misdiagnosis people.
Should of gone to law school instead of med school.
Arrogant little mouse.
Wish he would move away.
This is the worst doctor I've ever been to, He was impatient, rude, and very hostile.
Horrible bedside manner.
All he cared about was rushing me out of there.
He's definitely in this profession for the wrong reasons.
They should screen people like this out of our medical schools.
he is very good family Dr i never seen him before as walk in Dr but he do very good job with me and my husband and the kids.
we all love him.
and i have looked so much around to get good Dr so i found him good.
he never rushed me out from the room.
arrogant physician who thinks he know's everything.
didn't care to listen to me; rushed me out of the room; only wanted to prescribe antibiotics.
To some, he may come off as arrogant; he can afford to be with his intelligence.
He is, in actuality, a good human being, a knowledgeable doctor, and he's certainly worthy of his profession.
Very rude.
When I told him I didn't vaccinate my children he respondedI wouldn't want my kids going to your school.
The first law in health care is DO NO HARM.
I was there to help my children not to fund Big Pharma's pocket.
I never had a doctor spend over 30minutes with me checking every part of my body and doing all kind of test on me (heart test, breathing test, urine test, muscle test) and telling me what i should eat and not to eat and so on.
I consider myself and my family lucky to have him as our doctor.
Hope he stays in Richmond Hill forever.
Wonderful doctor, when my fiancee and i got sick we went to the walk in clinic as we had just moved to Richmond Hill and did not have a family doctor, he suggested some doctors who were accepting patients for us, which was wonderfuyl of him.
He also took very good care of us, my fiancee had a kidney stone and he treated him just like he was his family doctor, even calling him back in for results and to see how he's doing.
He is very straight to the point, which i suppose some people may think is arrogant, however at a walk in clinic you do not have the leisure of chatting, you have to get the job done and move on to the next, however he is very very thorough.
He is always available when we need him, God bless him.
I am disgusted by some of the negative comments that some have put for him.
Obviously, there will be a long wait in the walkin clinic (specailly when you are such a good and popular doctor like him), so anybody that doesn't like his waiting time should go and spend 10 times longer time at the ER instead.
He is the kindest person I've met, but I know he is very strict with his office policies of not giving narcotics and etc to drug seekers and so, i'm not surprised that some would hate him.
He has never rushed me out.
i always feel bad ,because he spends so much explaining my ailment to me, but that is just the kind of doctor he is.
I first went to him a year ago and since then I wont trust my health or my family's health to anyone else.
Our blessing is always with you.
We are always thankful for your professionalism as a doctor and will continue to be proud of having you as our family doctor.
We always sense your warmth, affection and especially your passion towards your profession.
We wish you the best in every aspect of life and will never ever have a second thought about you.
It was my first time going to walkin clinic (my family doctor is on vacation).
I did have to wait for over an hour but that was okay, i usually wait longer at my family doctor when i have booked appointment anyways.
staff were very friendly and pleasant (eventhough it was very busy and some patient were mean and rude to them).
Dr H took his time with me and allowed me to talk about my illness and then he examined me and explained to me what to expect and over all it was an excellent experience.
Do NOT see this doctor ever.
He thinks he knows all but he does not.
He will blame everything on the medication that you are already taking for something else.
I had to see him a few times in walk-in clinic as he was the only doctor available and every time it was worse.
Dr H is the most highly skilled doctor and absolute most caring physician I have ever had the pleasure of meeting.
We moved to Richmond hill a year ago and since then we been going to him for all our medical issues.
My kids love him and his stickers.
Unfortunately he is not accepting new patients but he does do a lot of walk in shifts (good for us).
Hope he start accepting patients again.
Wonderful doctor, when my fiancee and i got sick we went to the walk in clinic as we had just moved to Richmond Hill and did not have a family doctor, he suggested some doctors who were accepting patients for us, which was wonderfuyl of him.
He also took very good care of us, my fiancee had a kidney stone and he treated him just like he was his family doctor, even calling him back in for results and to see how he's doing.
He is very straight to the point, which i suppose some people may think is arrogant, however at a walk in clinic you do not have the leisure of chatting, you have to get the job done and move on to the next, however he is very very thorough.
I never had a doctor spend over 30minutes with me checking every part of my body and doing all kind of test on me (heart test, breathing test, urine test, muscle test) and telling me what i should eat and not to eat and so on.
I consider myself and my family lucky to have him as our doctor.
Hope he stays in Richmond Hill forever.
I was very lucky and my GP got me a same-day appointment as he saw me at the end of the day.
 He was only 20 minutes late.
 He was kind and respectful and explained everything to me.
 Glad that I found an ENT that I am comfortable with.
Dr Chauhan has been attentive, kind beyond words, helpful, and patient for me as well as my father, mother, and daughter, as we are all his patients.
Excellent doctor.
Very busy, understandably.
I wish every experience was like this.
This doctor was excellent and very fast in seeing my two kids.
Unlike other doctors he didn't rush into surgery for their tonsil and sleeping problems.
He was very knowledgeable and I certainly will go back.
There was a wait at the office, but he was very quick and apologized for the delays.
had appt reset then supposed to visit hospital for x ray ct and u sound.
on ct scan will not contact myself or my doctor with any info all these reviews I have read say the doctor is good well his office or command of it is terrible there are many complaints I would have rebooked elsewhere if I had read those first waiting without answer or contact is worst feeling and have lost all trust in the dr now.
Very thorough doctor.
I've had my problem for years and have seen many specialists for the same issue.
Finally my family doctor had enough and sent me to Dr Chauhan recently, for which I am grateful.
He was insightful, extremely patient (my two little kids were rampaging through the office), very kind and had a more detailed approach than any other doctor I've seen.
Looking forward to visiting him again, he is truly the best.
I went to him about an ear infection for a whole year and he kept saying that it was getting better however it didn't improve at all.
I had to go another doctor to even find out that it was.
Great Doctor.
very knowledgeable and listen to all concern.
I am very happy my FD referred me to this Doctor.
Definitely expect a wait, regardless of appointment time.
He's very busy, but fantastic.
Worth the wait.
Impressive.
I would want to go back to him, if I ever need his specialty.
After waiting over 1 month for an appointment, he didn't show up at Mt Sinai this morning and the staff had no idea where he is.
This is totally unacceptable.
Dr Chauhan has been looking after me for over 6 years.
I've always felt comforted, cared for, confident in his skill and expertise.
His office is now different but far more convenient for me as my family doctor is at the Albany as well.
Always exceeds expectations, very patient and takes the time to address all my questions and concerns.
Very pleased with every treatment I have had during this period and I am appreciative of his accessibility and support.
Dr Chauhan is amazing and knowledgeable.
I see him for my cosmetic treatments and medical issues, his knowledge in both fields are highly recommended.
I have referred friends and family to him for cosmetic and health issues and everyone is so happy with him.
Would never go elsewhere, great doctor.
It literally took me over a year to finally track Dr Chauhan down at his new office.
My GP didn't want to send me to a specialist even though I've suffered for yrs.
Dr C saw me, remembered everything about my skin and treatments and didn't care about not having a referral.
He's very thorough and patient.
Best specialist I've seen.
Amazing consult with Dr C..
 Saw him for my fillers/lips/botox/skin.
Never felt pressed for time.
He is not pushy, super confident and competent.
I love this doctor and am regretting not finding him sooner.
Truly the best.
Amazing doctor.
Made me calm when I was very nervous for my procedures.
I had no pain and it turned out better than I could have hoped.
Not going anywhere else anymore.
Very good doctor.
Unfortunately, he was unable to help with the hearing condition I have so I have been referred out to another ENT, but Dr Chauhan was very thorough and explained everything in great detail.
he only caveat is that he's only in the Eglinton clinic on Wednesdays and the office staff don't follow up with requests very quickly.
Dr Chauhan is quite busy, but it is understandable why.
He listens.
And he knows.
And what he doesnt know he is frank about.
Refreshing.
But then he learns.
Very impressive.
Great doctor, very knowledgeable and experienced.
He took the time to explain everything and answered all my questions and concerns.
This young doctor performed a filler procedure on me.
I've been getting it done yearly so I'm very used to the filler.
I love the results.
Definitely will come back.
Eyelid pre cancerous tumor, removed during my first appointment, resulting appearance looks fantastic.
Great experience with Dr Nitin.
Words cannot express how incredible this doctor is.
By far the best ENT in Canada and definitely one of the best world wide.
He is very busy but well worth the wait.
Highly highly recommend.
I met with Nitin twice.
Both times he was over an hour late.
He was unable to help me and said he would refer me to his colleague, but that never happened.
Dr Nitin took time out of his holidays to see me, and advise (fix) the issues I've been having for the last 2 months.
He was attentive, thorough, experienced and patient.
I'm thankful to my GP for the appointment and relieved I'm in good hands.
Went to see him at the head and neck clinic in Toronto and I have to say he seemed very knowledgeable, however no report was ever sent to my family Dr and the referral he mentioned never happened.
called several times and no one there was able to help because he had no notes on my file.
So really, wasted my time.
I was very impressed at how he listens all the while being very insightful of what your medical issues may very well be.
I saw him for the first time and will go back as I think he is very gifted as a dr, and specialist.
I am so grateful my gp sent me to him.
He is also very respectful, polite and kind.
All in all a rare dr and person and I thank him profusely for his help.
Very helpful doctor when I've been struggling with this system and other ENT's who have ranged from incompetent, to rude, to dismissive/arrogant and hurried.
Dr Chauhan is the exact opposite.
He has been very patient and thorough and listens.
I'm thankful I was sent to him.
Great doctor.
Saw at Broadview Clinic.
Excellent specialist, will be thanking my GP for his recommendation.
I have seen Dr C for various issues (first skin cancer, then some cosmetic / yearly checkups).
He is usually extremely busy but never makes me feel rushed.
He listens to all of my concerns and takes the time to explain everything and answer any question(s).
His esthetician is amazing, and my results have been impressive.
Wonderful doctor, and highly recommended.
Worth the wait.
This doctor is the best ENT I've ever seen.
Extremely knowledgeable and helpful,Highly recommended.
Excellent doctor, very bright and knowledgeable, understanding and caring.
Not pushy.
Perfect skin.
We (my sister and I) love Dr Nitin.
He is simply the best, worth the wait, treatment and results always exceed expectations.
This doctor has been seeing me for the entirety of my stay in Toronto.
I am a student from France.
I was very surprised that he did not want money - my insurance was not ready initially - for seeing him on any of my appointments.
He is very patient and kind.
I cannot thank him enough and have seen him for appointments 5 times since coming to study in 2014.
Even now my insurance is fixed, he said do not bother for the previous appointments.
He is a special doctor and I am extremely grateful.
Highly recommend - incredibly patient with my daughter.
Bedside manner is excellent and appreciated.
Had a brief wait, brief appointment, fast recovery, quick appointment afterwards, and no trouble since.
Zero complaints.
Dr C has been amazing to deal with from the beginning.
He helped me through a difficult time, goes above and beyond what any doctor would normally do, cares on a personal level and treats me, and now my daughter, with expertise, kindness, time and attention that should be a model for medical practitioners.
He has been invaluable and I will be forever grateful.
Dr Chauhan is very knowledgeable.
Listens to all concerns and explains everything in details, though very busy.
Saw him at Brampton Clinic.
Staff is excellent too.
Definitely one of the best specialists I have met so far.
awesome doctor, we need more doctors like him, I've been seeing him once a year for 3 years now.
This young doctor is so kind and patient that I can't imagine a less than 5 star posting.
He exhibits understanding and patience with my daughter, who is disabled and can be a very difficult patient.
He sees us whenever we need, where my previous ENT told us one time / year was the maximum.
Excellent doctor, caring person, and wonderful bedside manner.
I am thankful for his care as is my daughter.
Sharp guy, quick, efficient, smart and helpful.
No nonsense and I will go back if needed (hopefully not.).
This Doctor is very busy, but he is very knowledgeable, young and helpful.
I will tell my family Doctor thank you, he has been extremely helpful for both of my parents and my daughter.
Very much enjoyed my treatment by Dr Chauhan for an ear infection.
He was very pleasant, knowledgeable, patient, warm and professional.
I saw him at the THN offices and my only observation was how crazy and hectic the reception is.
The receptionist was lovely, but the volume of calls and patients was nuts.
I have seen Dr Chauhan at Mount Sinai Hospital for three different concerns in the last two years.
Each time he impresses with his concern, politeness, thoroughness and attention to detail.
Each time I have left the office feeling more comfortable and reassured.
Highly recommend him.
Dr Nitin was recommended highly by our family MD.
It took some time to finally see him but it was worth the wait.
Two other specialists I was referred to, either didn't care or misdiagnosed me, and were arrogant, rude and dismissive.
Dr Nitin is polite, extremely thorough and understanding.
He has excellent bedside manner and his concern is evident and genuine.
I know I am in good hands and am still regretting my awful experience with the other two doctors.
Dr Nitin is among the very best.
Very very busy doctor.
Expect delays.
Entirely worth it for his thoroughness, caring, attention to detail and helpfulness for non-related issues.
Will recommend to my Gp as he is the best specialist I have seen.
Dr Chauhan was very knowledgeable and helped me when no other ENTs did.
He was very patient and did not rush me, and let me get through my entire (huge) list of complaints.
The best specialist I have seen in Toronto.
Doctor is very good and took time to explain everything to us.
He did not rush and is much better than the other specialist we saw before him.
Great doctor, great staff, wait was worth it.
I saw this specialist after seeing a different ENT at first.
The first one was rude and condescending, didn't listen to my issues (a complete waste of time waiting and finally seeing him).
This doctor was unique.
There was a long wait.
He did not apologize for it.
He didn't need to it turns out as he was so thorough, explained everything in detail/diagrams, was reassuring, answered every single question, and by all measures made the other doctor look like an incompetent jerk.
Best specialist I've seen.
Will let my GP know.
Amazing Doctor with quick diagnoses.
Although the punctuality of the staff is horrible, no time management skills at all.
At my first visit I had to wait 1 hour and 12 minutes past my appointment time and I'm on my second visit rite now and it's been 30 mins past the appointment time and still nothing.
Dr Chauhan fixed the complications my last surgeon caused.
He has been supportive, and reachable, and is never too busy to spend time with you.
I am thankful he is my doctor.
I have never encountered a Doctor who has actually emailed me in the middle of the night to explain in detail all of my problems, symptoms, and give useful tips and treatment ideas.
His bedside manner is amazing, he is clearly very knowledgeable, and his attention to detail remarkable.
Dr Chauhan is very personable and allows you to express how you feel and listens to your needs.
I highly recommend him as he has done wonders for me and so pleased with his skills.
Great doctor.
Very bright and thoughtful.
Efficient and listens to all concerns.
Very busy but worth the wait.
Took care of my mom and myself, for both medical and cosmetic problems.
More people need to know about this wonderful doctor.
Dr Chauhan is an awesome doctor.
I am thankful that after me and my family doctor got frustrated with the previous specialist I've seen, finally I have met an efficient, caring and very knowledgeable doctor.
Very patient to listen and his approach made me calm down and lessen my worries.
Though he gives you some tips that might help at present time to overcome pains at the same time he still goes forward on being cautious and arrange for further testing needed.
I will highly recommend this kind of doctor.
Extremely friendly and cares about you and your situation, which is such a refreshing change.
Highly recommended.
Dr Nitin is my favorite.
He helped me with my acne scarring more than I thought was possible to do.
He spent lots of time with my Mom and I, explaining in detail the treatments, what to expect, do's and dont's, and products to use to continue improving.
I've seen three other skin specialists and wont go anywhere else after starting with him.
I understand it's a long process for improving my skin but I'm already so happy with my results.
Exceptional bedside manner.
Dr Chauhan was kind and extremely knowledgeable, I would not hesitate to return to his care should I ever need it again.
Dr Chauhan is brilliant and amazing at ethnic skin types.
He is detailed, share's his insight and full of knowledge and wisdom.
I also finally got back in touch with Dr Chauhan.
He remains attentive, interested, professional and helpful - far beyond the scope of what I would expect typically.
I've found the office staff generally helpful, only if reachable via phone.
Thorough and efficient.
My issue has been chronic, so no cure, but improved.
Good bedside manner.
Amazing doctor, both for cosmetic, skin needs and also a great specialist.
I have seen him for both cosmetic and ENT reasons many time and I would never go to another specialist or cosmetic surgeon.
Very patient, helpful and knowledgeable.
Very quick with giving appointments, and great staff at his Vaughan location where I see him.
Unexpectedly valuable consultation experience.
My issues are chronic and severe.
But of all the ENT's I have dealt with he has been by far the most thorough and insightful.
Dr Gitiforooz does the quickest and most painless PAP tests ever.
She always reassures me about my overall health.
I do not think she is rude, unprofessional or rough.
i had one of my best experance with a Dr ever.
she was on time and up to the point was very knowlwdgeable answered all my question , she was the fifth ob/gyn that i saw , the best og all of them.
I don't even know how to describe my experience other than it being the worst medical care I have ever received.
She never answered my questions and seemed to ignore many of my concerns.
I had a high risk pregnancy and she did nothing to reassure me.
Others may like her bedside manner, I did not.
She was not very personable and I felt ignored constantly.
I am shocked at the negative comments.
I went to Dr G for a second opinion for a hysterectomy.
She performed far less invasive robotic hysterectomy than suggested by the first doctor and I found the entire experience amazing beginning to end.
She was very thorough, patient, and provided excellent care.
Despite the 25 minute drive, I now use her as my OB/GYN exclusively.
Awesome doc.
Given that she delivers babies, I admit wait times have been long on occasion, but I will gladly wait for her.
This Dr has made me feel so uncomfortable on several occasions.
Frankly it is a horrible experience to be examined by her.
She is rude has no compassion and does not care if the patient is squirming in pain while she examins them.
As for having questions answered well forget it.
She does the minimum required.
Very unhappy with her services and I would never recommend her to anyone.
Going to her was torture.
Dr Giti delivered my daughter 2 weeks ago.
She worked very hard to bring her into this world safely, despite a very high risk pregnancy and everything went well.
She is a very caring, personable Dr tho I think her best intentions can be misinterpreted sometimes, which is a shame.
I had a bad experience with Dr Gitiforooz and I agree with all the previous negative posts: she was rude, she rushed and she did not provide useful information.
I would not recommend going to this doctor but I recommend that if you experiencing poor care from her to talk to the administration /ombudsmen this will create a file that documents her poor performance.
i had the best experance, the wait was short , the visit was up to the point and informative.
Worst doctor I have ever seen.
First, she barely answered any of my questions about my pregnancy and told me to 'suck it up' Was very cold and did not explain anything.
Ran a batch of $5000 tests that were unnecessary and send me a most shocking bill that she refuses to discuss with me.
At this point, I have no choice but to go to court.
This is ruining my life.
Dr Gitiforooz has a terrible bedside manner - didn't explain her recommended method of contraception or interactions with my other prescriptions.
She avoided explaining the length of time between test and results.
When I eventually received my results (4-6 weeks later) I was instructed to schedule a very invasive procedure.
Made me wait upwards of 2 hours (appt at 9, wasn't seen until about 11:30) to be seen.
Told me I had Chlamydia when I in fact had a UTI.
Would not treat Bartholin cyst.
Then charged me about $150.
Horrible Dr She is rushed, doesn't answer any of your questions.
I ended up in the hospital a week after seeung her with a bad urinary track infection that spread to my blood and almost killed me.
She does not follow up and makes you feel like you are not worthy of her time.
No compassion or care for your feelings and no time to even address your concerns,Absolutely the worse Doctor I have ever been seen by.
I love this doctor she delivered both of my kids and saved my life when I had my son.
I always go to her and love it she is very open to me I don't understand all the negative comments she has always been the best obgyn for me and I have been through my share.
I still return to her the wait can be long but it's fine with me.
I think that Dr Gitiforooz is a very professional doctor and always makes me feel at ease when seeing her.
I would recommend her as an OBGYN.
Dr Gitiforooz treated me with care and respect.
Here bedside manner made me feel comfortable.
I recommend Dr Gitiforooz to my friends and family members.
Dr Gitiforooz took time to explain the causes of my condition and suggested the best possible treatment for me.
Rude, unprofessional, rough, unkind, loud and unacceptable.
Dr G is awesome.
I have had her care for me with both pregnancies and she also answers all of my questions.
I feel like she's always in a rush.
Getting any procedures done by her is traumatic.
I agree that she is not very compassionate when it comes to making one feel calm.
She definitely treats you as a number, not a patient.
I was given results of a positive test via a letter which I don't think was appropriate.
There was no call to explain/answer questions.
Bedside manner is completely lacking here.
Disgusted with this doctor.
Her rudeness is unsurpassed.
After receiving a painful and horrible exam and sent home with no information, I was then diagnosed with endometrial cancer months later.
Be vigilant about your health and do not place your care in her hands.
Dr Braham did an awesome job on my nose.
Now I'm breathing perfectly and no longer snoring.
Mr Braham operated on my 2 year old daughter.
He removed her tonsils and adenoids.
He was fantastic with my her.
Very gentle and calm.
He explained the procedure and complications in detail and the reason for needing the operation.
He was persistent and repetative about after operative care at home including the importance of encouraging her to eat.
I can understand now why he was so.
With sincerity, I would highly recommend Mr Braham to take care of you & your children.
Very friendly reception, accommodating and helpful with my busy schedule.
Simon is very friendly and knowledgable, he was great when interacting with my child and very patient when she was restless.
Explained the circumstances, options and expected outcomes.
In my opinion he is a very professional ENT and I would be happy to recommend his services for your children.
Had a fairly horrible experience to say the least, ended up allergic to the pain killers only to find I couldn't get in contact with Simon.
Only relief I got was in hospital taken via ambulance when they asked why I was put on a medication when most people react badly to it.
Not only was I in excruciating pain but was also uncontrollably vomiting.
Had septoplasty done as well which has done nothing but give my migraines and further block my nose.
I've been very happy of my treatment from Simon Braham.
He has been a great Doctor whilst I have been in his care and I will continue having treatment with him should I require in future.
Highly recommended.
Dr Simon Braham is fantastic.
A very busy, genuine, thorough, high quality, caring Doctor.
Excellent bedside manner.
His loyalty, commitment and care of me, as his patient was 100%.
I cannot fault my experience with him.
He removed my adenoids and tonsils and did a great job.
Being a working mum, I had no issues as I recovered quickly and very well.
Dr Simon Braham was available to support me with any questions I had during the healing process.
I'm no longer getting sick and suffering tonsillitis.
I'm so happy with my choice.
The kids are being cared for next.
Great, trustworthy and honest Doctor.
In two seperate occassions but in a one year period, my young son, 3 and daughter, 4 had a tonsillectomy with Dr Braham.
I am very pleased by the way with which he managed the entire matter.
He was pleasant and easy to deal with and built rapport with the children.
The medical proceedure also went very well.
He provided to us clear and helpful aftercare instructions to assist in ensuring maximum comfort for the children.
As parents, overall we are very happy with our choice of ENT specialist.
I saw Simon in relation to some sinus issues that I was having.
He prescribed me some Omnaris to use daily and sent me for allergy testing which I found rewarding.
I'm being treated for my allergies and may not have them in the future.
I appreciated Simons caring nature, he took time to listen to my needs and was very knowledgable.
I believe that I will see him again in the future.
Dr Braham has looked after all my children for there tonsils,Dr Braham and his team did an amazing job and my children are sleeping so much better Best thing we ever did for them.
Very cool chap.
Had an appointment today and the guy was very busy but almost on time.
He just gets to the point and it's sorted.
Very happy woth my diagnosis and outcomes.
I am so happy with the help of Mr BRAHAM in assisting  me with my son and his ENT medical issues.
He really has been a heaven sent.
It's not often you get such outstanding service from a doctor with a solid understanding at all levels in his field and such good manners in his deliver with successful results and helpful attitudes from his staff.
Much gratitude given to him and his team.
I agree with all the comments below and highly recommend Simon Braham.
He removed the tonsils and adenoids for both my young ones and I've never looked back.
Best decision I ever made was choosing him as the family ENT specialist.
Wonderfully attentive and clearly explained my sons ear condition.
My husband and I were quite anxious about the whole problem but was put at ease by Dr Braham.
My son has had a great result with his hearing, and no more ear aches.
I'm definately taking my youngest daughter to see him very soon.
Dr Braham is very kind, personable, easy going, very approachable and very busy.
We're very happy of our referal to him as well as pay it forward.
I have been experiencing difficulties and recently saw Dr Braham, he is a great.
You can tell that he genuinely cares and I am looking forward to seeing him again in one month with some very good news about my recovery.
 I would highly recommend him.
A very busy and efficient professional that provides an array of information about your matter, and options on how they can be resolved in the most efficeint and effective manner.
Very caring toward your issues and fixing them, and flexible to your circumstances, Dr Simon Braham is by far one of the best ENT Specialists I have ever encountered and whos professional services I have maintained over the past 5 years, for all of my immediate and extended family.
I have no reservations in recommending Dr Braham to you for any ENT related issues.
He is just brilliant.
Simon is nothing short of brilliant.
He is very down to earth and easy going.
He is very PATIENT approachable and TRUSTING, which is the MOST IMPORTANT when it comes to me and my children.
He is a great communicator and thorough.
His staff have been very polite and very accommodating.
 I came to him through a recommendation and I am very very pleased.
Dr Braham was punctual and gave me the best impartial advise I received out of any ENT surgeon and I've seen many,He really took the time to listen and was able to resolve my problem,Really nice guy too.
Simon is definately a very busy and caring ENT.
His waiting room was so busy and he was still running on time.
He was very friesnly, professional and good with his communication and I left feeling very confident that my issues were addressed.
Five star all the way.
I saw Dr Braham for a FESS and rhinoplasty.
It was very successful.
I'm so happy.
For this procedure, and healing, it takes time and patience.
I'm able to go out and enjoy a drink & the company of my friends, now the 'dust has settled' and I'm not sneezing.
Excellent professional manner and very friendly and helpful.
The doctor satisfied my questions with comprehensive answers that help me to understand my sinus issues & prescribed medication to assist whilst I get some testing done.
I have seen Simon on two occasions, the first for a massive sinus infection, Simon was absolutely brillant.
I saw Simon on another occasion for a throat nodule and again Simon was brillant.
I cannot rate Simon Braham high enough.
He is so caring and he makes you feel you are his only patient.
I have sent a few patients to him and they have been more than satisfied.
A very knowledgeable man who had helped my son with his chronic ear infections.
I'm very greatful.
I would recommend Dr Braham.
FantasticHe really listened and diagnosed my breathing problem.
Excellent family Dr of many years.
He's taken care of all 3 kids.
We're very happy.
Very helpful reception, but my appointment with Simon Braham was disappointing.
I was very disappointed with his manner and with the actual endoscopy and lack of follow-up conversation.
Was drastically misdiagnosed by Braham, he prescribed me an anti-allergy nasal spray and when I got a second opinion the doctor found I actually had a pre-cancerous lesion in my sinus.
If I hadn't gotten a second opinion after Braham's appointment, I would probably have developed paranasal cancer.
Disgusted.
I had an appointment with Simon Braham this morning.
Of all, Simon was closest on time, very politely spoken, easy going, asked questions and listened to my concerns.
He has a very calm and positive manner.
I felt comfortable with his feedback and options and I have chosen to continue seeing him, being my preferred of all three.
I had a FESS and Rhinoplasy with Dr Braham 5 months ago.
I feel amazing.
I am breathing without any issues and have gone back into full seasonal training.
Every day, when I see a glimpse of my reflection, I take that moment to appreciate my perfect nose.
I couldn't be more grateful to Dr Braham and I recommend him with confidence.
I have relocated states with my family and have been searching for an ENT Specialist.
I know what it is like to have a busy schedule and to take care of 3 young & often sick children who need their tonsils out.
We need a reliable and caring Specialist that we can trust and who will bond with the children.
Based on a friendly referral to Dr Braham and then the authenticity of the very comforting remarks below, I've definitely found our new family ENT Specialist here in Melbourne.
I have been experiencing sinus and breathing issues over the past few years & was referred to Simon through my dentist in the city.
I had my appointment with him last week.
I think he's a very kind and caring Dr He was understanding of my situation and he was able to explain to me the process, & that healing would take time and patience.
I felt trusting and very comfortable with his words of reassurance.
He is a very kind and caring human.
Simon Braham is a great doctor.
I had a very big operation with him which he delivered the best any doctor could.
I continued to experience complications based on the fact that my sinus issue was present for such a long time & needed to 'behave' and with the correct medication & continuous monitoring, it eventually did.
But there were a lot of frustrating times for me & Simon showed a lot of care and patience through that.
It took a year to get here and now I don't even use spray.
For me the relief is indescribable and the gratitude to Simon Braham and his ENT professional services is unmeasurable.
I went I wasted a whole year because of this misdiagnosis and became very anxious.
I believe that this is gross negligence and laziness on the part of Dr Braham and would not recommend him.
 He made absolutely no investigation at all.
 He was too busy and not prepared to put in some real effort into what was causing my pain.
 He also charged way over the odds.
I was refered to Dr Braham through a lady who came into my store and had been a patient.
We were discussing my nose which I thought was a fracture, from touch footy.
Dr Braham confirmed that it was and booked me in to the first available date at Freemasons Hospital to fix it for me.
I was in and out of the hospital the same afternoon.
No pain, no issues.
Dr Braham is a cool and down to earth guy.
I like that he got to the point and worked to fix it for me as conveniently possible and to minimise any discomfort I was experiencing.
I had a few follow ups and now I'm on track.
I'm very happy.
By far one of the best ENT specialists I have seen.
Simon Braham is personable and helpful and committed to caring for you.
I have no hesitation in recommending him to you as well as all my family and friends and would not send my children anywhere else.
Awesome Dr Very down to earth professional.
I was referred to Dr Braham for my daughter through a family friend.
He is a very friendly and approachable doctor.
He spoke to me and built great rapport with my daughter.
He explained everything thoroughly about the the tonsillectomy as well as all the options and outcome.
I decided surgery for my daughter would be worth while in the long run and proceeded.
Everyone took such good care of her, especially through the night.
I would recommend him to anyone especially just for the consultation and for his opinion.
Simon Braham is a very kind person.
He is very caring and takes such good care of my grandpa.
Very friendly and helpful Doctor.
Happy to recommend Simon Braham.
Mr Braham is a fantastic Dr..
He is thorough, knowledgeable, informative and caring, just like a Dr should be.
I say that because I saw a few before him and wasn't happy with what they were 'selling' me.
Simon didn't sell me anything, though.
He took care of my sinus issues and I am so pleased with the outcome.
Excellent services from Simon Braham.
Very friendly and I appreciated his thorough understanding and engagement.
His treatment options were detailed and clear and left me confident with his capabilities and his delivery.
I'm happy to make a recommendation to him.
I was treated with a high degree of efficiency and professionalism from the moment I entered the facility from registration through doctor visit.
Dr Braham was gentle, but thorough, and not only took care of my problem, but also gave me advice to help in dealing with it in the future.
All my questions and concerns were addressed to my complete satisfaction.
I would highly recommend Dr Braham, his pre and post op appointments ran on time, he explained in detail the surgery and post op care well, he has a caring personality which made us feel at ease with him performing the surgery.
He is very busy so his time with us was clear and direct and has very good communication with his delivery.
We are very pleased with our choice.
Highly recommend Dr Braham.
My daughter had a procedure completed and he explained exactly what was going to happen.
He was was very thorough and understandIng.
Built great rapport with her any answered all questions.
His after care was excellent.
Completely trusted him.
I have had a very positive experience with Simon Braham.
He is very professional and friendly, and straight to the point.
He was always available to assist with my issues and aftercare.
Very kind and highly recommended.
As a person I think he's ok but knowledge wise he is one of the worse we have ever seen for ENT doctor.
Lucky we seek for second opinion.
All he care is money I guess.
Simon is a great ENT Specialist.
He is very kind, caring and diligent.
I would highly recommend his services.
I'm happy to recommend Mr BRAHAM.
He's been very thorough with his professional advice which helped me understand the issues and full treatment of my son and his medical issues and I am very happy.
I saw Simon Braham last year for a number of ENT related issues.
Aside from the fact that he was extremely knowledgeable and professional, and provided a service with a very satisfied outcome.
He certainly was one of the kindest Doctors that I had ever encountered.
Mr Braham performed a FESS to fix my sinus problem at Epworth Freemasons Hospital, I was so pleased with unbelievably good result.
He also sent me to see an Allergist who treated the cause of my allergies.
Mr Braham is an excellent, knowledgeable and kind doctor, I highly recommend him to everyone.
Dr Simon Braham was very efficient  and did a skilful job on my ear.
   He is very helpful and obliging.
Dr Braham, where do I begin.
Professional, respectful, patient, precise, articulate, accurate & amazing.
He is just brilliant.
I cannot recommend him any higher.
Seperately, I had a FESS and Rhinoplasty by Dr Braham early this year.
The operation was very successful & Rhinoplasty looks great.
As we speak I was approached by a lady who loves my nose & wants a Rhinoplasty.
I have just recommended her to Dr Simon Braham.
I was suffering servere headaches, facial pain and swelling for about 3 years.
I knew it was relating to sinus pain but other ENT Specialists told me that I needed to get a rhinoplasty to fix my breathing.
Not Simon Braham though.
He correctly diagnose and perform the required surgery's to provide immediate relief.
No Rhinoplasy was necessary, at all.
A very polite, considerate, professional and understanding ENT.
Very caring towards my child's matters and extremely helpful to the task.
Excellent follow through.
Very busy but extremely helpful toward my sons condition.
We had him examined early last week by Simon.
He gave my husband and I a solid understanding of the issues and the treatment.
Our son has been on medication prescribed by Simon and he has already improved a great deal and is feeling more comfortable.
We can tell through observation.
We will be scheduling the operation in the coming school holidays.
Simon Braham is one of the most caring professionals who's services I have encountered for my children.
I would very highly recommend his services.
Dr Braham is very down to earth and easy going.
I'm happy with all my consultation visit and the end result.
I'm not a doc myself so it's difficult to explain my situation and all the medical jargon that they talk, but I'd recommend him for sure.
Simon is a very lovely professional.
He help with ongoing throat infections that other ENT just kept prescribing medication for.
Simon was more diligent than that.
He was very thorough and patient, operated on me and resolved the issues.
He restored my trust and my health.
Great doctor and happy to recommend.
Dr Braham is our family ENT Specialist.
As parents we are pleased with his services.
He operated on both our young children, son 4 & daughter 3 years.
We are confident to recommend his services.
Fantastic doctor, couldn't recommend him highly enough.
I can finally breath threw my nose :-)Have my 2 yr old daughter booked in to see him for her ears.
Dr Braham was brilliant with our children.
He made the whole tonsillectomy process seamless.
Confident to recommend his services.
I'm unfortunate in that I suffer chronic sinusitis.
The very lovely Dr Simon Braham performed a FESS on me earlier this year and the procedure was very effective and helpful for me.
However, it appears that my sinusitis has returned, and I refuse to see anyone else other than Dr Braham.
Given my busy schedule, it's all in the timing, and I have been very patient whilst waiting to see him, again, because I know how good he is and that he will never let me down.
I was just checking myself out in the rear view mirror on this lovely sunny day, thinking.
Simon Braham really should book me in for my 6 month review, so he can see the great progress I have made and look at his brilliant work on my face.
My nose is perfect.
 He never informed me that he only did a partial adenoidectomy & I was left wondering why my son was no better after the surgery.
I am incredibly angry & hope to God no other parent or child go through what we went through.
Very fortunate to land an appointment with this doctor during the school holidays.
He and his staff were very friendly.
Dr Braham is very helpful especially by explaining and helping me to understand the problem and how to treat it.
we had a consultation with Dr Braham this week.
He was quite busy but on time.
Very engaging and easy to get along with.
He explained the situation and gave us options.
Excellent service & great reception.
This guy is so down to earth and friendly.
Very knowledgable and won't do unnecessary procedures.
Very pleased with my results.
Couldn't ask for a better specialist.
I saw Mr Braham this week for some on going issues that I've been having  over the past few months.
I found him to be quite honest and pleasant, engaging and very helpful.
I saw Mr Braham when the other ENT there was not available and I was quite glad that I did.
I felt very comfortable with the consultation and the rapid yet ongoing informative pace with which he moved to get my issues sorted out.
 I can undoubtably say that I was pleasantly surprised by the entire experience and I would certainly recommend him.
We saw Simon for an opinion.
He didn't put the endoscopy all the way into the nose to see the issue at the back of the sinus area.
I didn't say anything at the time but didn't think it was thorough.
The secretary with the accent was a little rude.
Was constantly over compensating, not sure what for but we went with the second opinion.
Well if you want to feel like you or your time is not valued, be sure to see Simon Braham.
I was prepared to tolerate the waiting time in his office of 10mins, as unfortunately some delay is typical for consultants.
However, I did not appreciate the fact he spoke to the piece of paper instead of me or the further 10 mins I was left in his office without indication of his return.
As it was clear I was interrupting his day, I took my file, walked out of the office, informed the receptionist I was not hanging around for Simon to decide to see me, and left.
Overall pleasant experience, found Mr Braham very knowledgeable.
He explained my issues with me in detail.
He was pleasant and professional to deal with.
On the day I was booked for my operation the nurses at Freemasons post Tonsillectomy were all very welcoming, friendly and professional.
I rated Dr Simon Braham very high because he has been our family ENT for over 7 years.
He takes great care of us adults, my children (now adults too), and my grand children.
Dr Braham lead the Save Masada Group back in 2009 which services that would have been lost to the local community included general surgery, haematology, orthopaedics, paediatrics, respiratory, ear, nose and throat, and dermatology.
We as a family have a lot to thank him for.
I am comfortable I can speak on behalf of the community as well as the other people who continue to come to the Masada Private Hospital for their health care and are not aware of Dr Simon Braham's generous efforts and contribution which allows them to come here for care.
He was there before my operations and he was there when I woke from my operations.
As I said, an excellent bedside manner.
I have felt very comfortable recommending him and have had excellent feedback from others; and I would still recommend him.
So for people who haven't moved on from 2014 & 2015 I'm sure that Simon has come a long way since 2013, 2014 & even 2015.
Doctors make mistakes and depending on how you communicate, they generally rectify or continue to look after your needs until the issue is complete, or I am sure they refer you on.
A doctor isn't a robot.
Not everyone has the same experience.
Think about what you write and how you write it, because your bahaviour reflects on you.
I have had Simon do some very successful treatment with me and as well some friends children , and no other doctor has ever gone above and beyond like Simon Braham.
He has a very good heart because he is a very kind and very caring person.
He has a gentle mannerism and they are traits of a doctor.
I have had a very positive and successful experience with Dr Simon while he was treating two of three of my children on two seperate occasions for two seperate matters.
He has especially been excellent with my kids.
He is very patient, caring and thoughtful and I liked the way he follows up with his service.
He is very down to earth and engaging which makes the process with restless kids easier.
I'd definitely recommend his services.
I am very happy with Simon Braham.
He is a good and honest ENT that we (the family) would like to praise for his services.
He has been very friendly and caring and extremely understanding.
Concerned about the issue he listened, observed and did his best to inform me and help me from my discomfort.
He also treated another family member earlier in the year who was experiencing a great deal of discomfort and it was only today that we came together and mentioned his fantastic work.
It's quite difficult to express your gratitude to such a professional, because it is a part of their every day job and perhaps they may not realise how fantastic they are.
The overall experience and the facility was great.
I would definately highly recommend Simon Braham's services.
A job well done.
I had a consultation with Simon Braham for on going throat infections that I have been experiencing over a long periods of time.
Simon really listened to my concerns, discussed with me my issues and organised for me to have some testing done.
it resulted in me getting my tonsils removed by Simon, which the procedure went very well.
I thought that he was very professional and that he had a great bedside manner.
His staff were very professional too.
Dr Simon Braham is an excellent ENT professional.
I went to see him from a referral by a friend at the school.
He is very genuine, kind and gentle.
He listens patiently and understands your issues so he explains thoroughly in return which offers a great deal of reassurance.
I felt very safe putting the care of my child in his hands.
The outcomes have been very rewarding.
I would highly recommend Simon Braham as a doctor and for children.
Dr Buckett has helped us in ways that I can hardly put into words.
After years of suffering without knowing why and multiple pregnancy losses, he was able to properly diagnose me with PCOS and my quality of life has improved so much.
He's always available to answer questions regardless how long it takes and he is always very well informed and honest with us.
Today we are close to 11 weeks pregnant (the furthest we have ever gotten) and we thank him from the bottom of our hearts for all his help and knowledge.
Dr Buckett is by far the best OBGYN in Montreal.
I was he patient at the Royal Vic and unfortunately for me since he became Head of the Fertility Clinic he had to drop a lot of patients.
I'm literally heartbroken.
I'm now seeing him at his Private Practice Medic Elle on Sherbrooke Street.
If you can afford it, that's great alternative to see him.
The receptionnist should retired.
I cannot believed they let people like her work with cancer patient.
He treats his patients with great compassion and empathy.
I am glad i had him as my doctor.
Dr Buckett is gtreat, he pays attention to you, answers all your questions and makes sure you understnad everything.
Thank you dr buckett for being so positive and helpful through my infertility journey.
He is the nicest and most caring doctor you will ever meet.
Even though I often wait over 2 hours to see him it is always worth the wait.
I got follow up and surgery with Dr Buckett.
He is really taking the time to explain things.
I has complications, and He took the time to come to explain to me what was wrong and the options.
I had to wait more than half and hour for my appointment.
and believe me I had a lot.
Not pregnant yet but no more fibroids that make me bleed my whole body.
Will be conservative on some treatments and more aggressive for others.
I went on upto date to check it out and He is on the dot of what was best for my condition.
Mostly everybody I meet tells me I lucky to have this doctor.
I recommanded his care to any one.
No doctor is perfect, but those who care for their patients and explain things as we ask in the little time they have are worthwhile.
From the very first meeting he made me feel comfortable.
He explained everything to me in an easy to understand way and always made me feel like I was in good hands.
Words can't express how amazing is Doctor Buckett.
Calm, patient, knowledgeable.
Never met a doctor like him.
Thank you Doctor Buckett for everything you do for your patients.
He is the worst dictor I have ever seen.
He has the least care and responsibility for his patiant.
He prescribed IUD for me inserted by his intern.
I was HEAVILY bleeding for teo month.
I was fainting from loss of blood had to stay in bed for 5 days.
Went back to hospital begging for help, he even refused to see me.
After 2 month he took out the IUD prescribed pills Vissane.
Again he carelessly proscribed be with wrong dose.
Pharmecist try to contact him, absoloutly out of reach and again I was in HEAVY bleeding even could not go to work,I an very sorry to see doctors who don't believe that patient are human being.
I ama single mom and I am about to loose my job because I am in blood for over 2 month and can not work properly and he does not give a shit a bout it if I live or die.
I had 10 miscarriage with dr buckett and he never figure out what is the reason once I changed the hospital they did all the exams and new that I just need to take inihop while pregnant cause I have a problem causing my blood to clot while pregnant so because of dr buckett I lost 13 years trying and the resolution for my problem was so easy.
After 9 years of unsuccessful fertility treatments and multiple miscarriages, I was referred to Dr Buckett.
He discovered the reason for my unsuccessful pregnancies, with his expertise we are now blessed with a healthy baby girl.
Dr Buckett is the best doctor one can imagine.
He is very compassionate, caring, extremely knowledgeable and always up-to-date on the current research, takes his time with his patients, he even knows your case without looking at the chart.
My whole family is very thankful to him.
An exellent doctor, very understanding and knologebleable.
Dr Buckett was my GYN doctor in McGill Reproductive Center.
Although all test was done by other fellows, he did my surgery before the IVF and folicle retrieval during the IVF.
Eventually, I was pregnant through IUI, he follow up with me until I was 8 weeks pregnant.
Usually they only follow up until 6 weeks confirmed pregnancy.
Buckett kept me for another two weeks just to make sure everything is fine.
If I lived close to RVH, I would keep Mr..
Buckett as my OB.
He is very patient, professional, caring doctor.
Amazing, helpful, and fukk of knowledge.
He is one of the best obgyn's ive had to deal with.
I searched high and low to find a specialist that would help with our recurrent miscarriages and I feel so confident having found Dr Buckett.
He truly is a gem: he is knowledgeable, personable, patient and understanding.
Most importantly, in an already taxed system, he treats you like a person and not simply a number.
We feel encouraged to be followed by such a capable physician and will sleep better knowing that there will be a thorough follow-up throughout our pregnancy.
As an additional note, his admin Leila is also terrific.
She listens, returns calls in a timely fashion, she is kind and caring and genuinely cares about helping the patients.
This is an incredible team and we couldn't be more pleased.
Thank you RVH Reproductive Clinic, Dr Buckett and Leila.
Today we had the first meeting with Dr Buckett.
He is an amazing doctor and extremely professional.
I am confident that we are in good hands.
I have never had a more thorough doctor who answers my many, many questions.
And he is very pleasant.
With his help I'm now pregnant.
Dr Dahan and Demerits at MUHC we're amazing as they did my egg retrieval and transfer.
I can never express my gratitude for having DrBuckett as my GYN.
He is not just an extremely talented doctor and surgeon, he is one of the kindest, patient and gentle people I have ever met.
I travel 6hours roundtrip to see him because I trust him above all others.
When you give birth at the Royal Vic you get whoever is on call.
Dr Buckett delivered my daughter, she was induced and it took 17 hours.
At 11 hours my mother started to bug him to do a C Section and he refused when she finally came out stubbornly at 17and a half hours, she got stuck and now has limited movement in her left arm.
And will only get 70% back through surgery.
He seems to know what he is talking about cause of his British accent and he is really nice but from that I had a horrible labor and now I have a child who will struggle forever.
Because of that wonderfull doctor, i'll become  new mon in a fews months and I'm always gone a be gratefull for that doctor.
Dr Buckett is an incredible doctor.
Not only is he empathetic and patient, taking the time to explain each procedure, but he clearly knows his stuff.
He did a complicated series of surgeries to remove a fibroid tumor and I'm in great healthy now.
I've seen him both at Clinic Medic Elle and the RVH.
The staff at Clinic Medic Elle couldn't be nicer or more responsive.
Especially his nurse Christina, she's incredible.
Unfortunately, I found the the staff at the RVH fertility clinic to be generally unhelpful sometimes even bordering on rude.
It's like pulling teeth to get them to do anything.
But again, I can't reiterate how great Dr Buckett is.
Just wonderful.
The best obgyn I have met (and I have tried MANY before I found this terrific MD).
Wanted to have my baby at the JGH, but switched to RVH to get this one in a million doctor.
Incredible doctor.
Patient, explains every thing, takes his time with you, empathic.
He was the one following me at the fertility clinic and became my obstetricien once I became pregnant (with twins).
The only downside is the waiting as he works in a hospital (Royal Victoria).
But even with that, if I had to do it all over again,I would keep him, no hesitation.
Horrible doctor.
Extremely disappointing experience.
I am trying for a second baby.
Got pregnant thanks to Dr Buckett plan of action and listening ear.
And also his colleagues.
Especially dr Dahan that made the transfer leading to pregnancy.
Dr buckett did the follow up of the complication right up to the time I was followed around 11 weeks to my ob doctor.
This second round got the egg retrieval by Dr Dahan.
He did a marvelous job getting my 51 eggs with less pain than previous egg retrieval and caring to follow up with OHSS.
the nurses are great and so as the staff.
This is a great team at the McGill reproductive center.
Ponctuality is not always there, but it is replaced by caring team.
I have great hope for a second child.
It will happen if it is meant to be.
it won't be because of their lack of ability, care or knowledge.
DrBuckett delivered both my sons and he did a fantastic job.
He was always very patient and caring during my appointments.
He may come out as shy but you can ask him any questions and he will get you the answer.
The only downside is that his clinic is at the Vic and the wait is aweful.
Saw him today for the first time and you can tell he cares for his patients.
No doubt at all.
First time visit, I was very uncomfortable with the whole idea of a gyne visit, but after seeing Dr Buckett and speaking with him I immediately felt at ease.
They stopped doing those kind of doctors long time ago.
Listens, cares, knows, dedicates, solves, explains.
This doctor deserves all the positive feedback he receives and more.
My husband and I were struggling to conceive with several health issues.
He is very knowledgeable, patient and kind.
He's exactly what you want in a fertility specialist.
He does tend to run late, but it's because he's making sure to take the time to listen and answer all his patients' questions.
We were given the option of taking femara or doing an hsg due to my specific health issues, and we were able to get pregnant after 1 round of femara.
He's the best doctor I see in Montreal.
We are so lucky to have him.
Dr Buckett wasn't my RE, but he did my fresh embryo transfer at the MUHC reproductive center and he was amazing.
He took the time to explain details about the embryo grade and quality.
He was very gentle and conversed during the procedure, I didn't feel a thing honestly.
Even the staff and nurses at the MUHC were excellent.
We are now pregnant with our first baby thanks to all of them.
Met Dr Buckett after having several miscarriages and felt very comfortable having him as my doctor.
 He made me feel much better about the whole thing- overall he is a great doctor.
Dr Bucket is an awful doctor.
He only cares about money and not at all about his patients.
You will pay a lot of money to see him for just a simple consultation but he will not be worth it.
He recomends IVF for everyone no matter what their case is.
Seriously not recommended.
A superb doctor and a wonderfully caring human being.
Every interaction is a pleasure.
NO matter how busy he is you always feel like you are his only patient.
Thank you Dr Buckett, you are the best one, I'm very lucky.
Amazing doctor.
He's an authority in his field, and yet so humble.
He answered all my questions and was extremely helpful.
Doctor Buckett is a great doctor and an excellent human being.
He shows compassion and empathy for his patients.
Even if he can't immediately help you with fertility he will point you in the right direction to getting the under-lying problems worked out.
Dr Buckett is a very kind, impeccable and understanding man.
He is my obstetrician.
Even though he is young but he is really knowledgeable and devoted doctor.
He knows how to treat patients.
Even his voice comforts you especially when you face difficult time.
You do not need to worry about anything if he is your doctor.
I strongly recommend him.
Probably best Dr I have ever met.
Excellent in every way.
Most importantly very professional and knowledgable.
Very professional and experienced.
Dr Buckett performed egg retrieval on my wife and was fast, precise therefore causing minimal pain.
Dr Buckett is a wonderful surgeon.
I have never met such a kind, understanding human doctor.
We need more professionals like himself around.
Thank you for everything Dr Buckett and god bless.
Words can't express how appreciative I am of Dr Buckett and his entire team.
When all hope was lost, he was willing to dig deep and look into more reasons why I was unable to get pregnant and stay pregnant.
We are now 21 weeks pregnant with our little miracle princess, thanks to this wonderful, patient, caring and understanding doctor.
He really went above and beyond and did not make us feel rushed at any time.
Thank you Dr Buckett.
Extremely late.
Over 3 hours.
Very brief encounter.
Would not recommend.
Un ange sur terre.
J ai jamais rencontre un medecin pareil.
Patient et gentil.
The best doc that you could have.
Very kind and knowledgeable.
Thank you for all your support and help Doctor.
He followed my two pregnancies and delivered my second baby.
I trust him completely, he is one of a kind.
Great doctor, very patient, I believe he does speak french but english is his main language.
Very professional, I didn't ever feel embarrassed.
He was the one who did my c-section, he did a great job.
Later he was also the one who talked me through my choices of birth control along with a resident Dr He is very very patient, explains very well, takes his time and I've rarely had to wait more than 10-20 mins to see him.
Very empathetic, understanding.
He takes him time to explain things in detail, very knowledgeable.
We were referred to him due to fertility issues and he was my doctor through many fertility treatments.
I would recommend the doctor but not the clinic (McGill Reproductive Centre) Unfortunately when undergoing fertility treatment at that clinic it is not your doctor who is following your treatment or performing tests, etc.
The only time I saw Dr Buckett was during my follow up appointments after failed attempts, never during my treatment.
As for the doctor himself I always felt very comfortable with him and his expertise.
this is a kind gentle man with a british accent and sense of humour.
he is easy to deal with and careful.
Can any body tell me how to get an appointment with Dr Buckett?
 I have been calling McGill Reproductive Center but body picks up my call.
Dr Buckett is one of the best doctors I ever met.
Thanks again for helping me.
I have been with Dr Buckett for some time now, and I have to say he is easily the kindest, most loving, empathetic, calm doctor I have ever had.
I trust 110% that he will help my husband and I become parents through his IVF clinic at the Royal Vic.
He's wonderful.
Dr Bucket is one of the best doctors in Montreal.
He is patient and talks to you in depth.
I really appreciate his hard work, dedication and kindness.
Thank you Dr Buckett.
we are very lucky to have you.
Great Dr Caring, sweet, knowledgeable and patient.
I had 2 hysteroscopies with him and my last embryo transfer (1st with him) was successful and am happily pregnant.
Thank you Drbuckett i wish i was able continue with you throughout pregnancy.
I met Dr Buckett at Medic Elle last week and words cannot describe what an incredible man and physician he is.
I can only hope that it won't take many months before he can correct the problems I am having.
 I also need to add that I met his admin at the RVH Fertility Clinic, Leila Vani, and she was an absolute pleasure to deal with and so very helpful.
 We are dealing with a very slow and strangled medical system, as patients we are on the edge, concerned about our health, and quite often the recipients of our anger are the staff in this system.
I am very happy that I was followed by Dr Buckett through my fertility treatment.
He is very knowledgeable, patient and always took the time to explain every procedure to me.
Answers all the questions promptly.
He did histeroscopy polypectomy for me and all went great.
I am now pregnant following the IVF treatement at RVH.
Thank you Dr Buckett and everyone at RVH.
Dr Buckett has impeccable bedside manner and is clearly very knowledgeable.
I feel confident that I will have a successful pregnancy under his care in the reproductive clinic.
I really feel as though Dr Bucket will do all he can to help me.
At our first meeting he did tests and sent me for more so it is nice to be getting results instead of more questions.
I won't recommend Dr Buckett to any woman trying to get pregnant.
He just follow the main recipe for IVF, not trying some new methods or medicine to improve your chances.
He didn't get involved at all during the process, mainly all the decisions during the treatment will be make by a bunch of interns not knowing what they are doing.
Some major issues with staff too.
Very knowledgeable man understanding of how hard and traumatic these experiences can be for women.
He gave us the real numbers on our chances which are roughly 50-75% miscarriage due to genetic translocation BUT he explained our options and gave us the hope we needed that it can happen and he will get us there one way or another.
Very happy with our visit  wish we weren't 16 hours of driving away so we could see him more often.
He is a very busy man so don't get discouraged if you have leave msgs with his staff , you will get a return call with the information your looking for.
he is a very nice doctor, and really want to help his patients.
Just had a myomectomi surgery with Dr Bucket everything went well.
He knows what he's doing.
Felt secure on the 1st appointment with him.
A very kind, considerate man who puts his patients FIRST.
The best gynecologist I have every had 9and I have had many, I am 62 years old).
A wonderful person.
DrBuckett is great but his assistant is terrible She doesn't care about patients.
She has a nasty attitude and does nothing positive for his patients.
She won't care if you are in pain, she doesn't pay attention to patient needs.
I had Dr Buckett as doctor in both fertility and OB/GYN.
He is a sincere and compassionate doctor and devoted to your issues in either/or, or both.
He listens to you and you feel like a person, not a number.
He is the perfect image as to what a doctor should be - kind, calm, caring, sincere and devoted to your cause.
He is the most conscientious, helpful, kind Doctor I ever met, God bless him, I recommend him totally.
When I called to have an appointement to the fertility clinic, I asked for an understanding, patient and caring doctor that would take time to answer my many questions.
The lady on the phone right away told me I should see Dr Buckett, and she was SO right.
He made my husband and I feel better about our problem conceiving, answered our questions so we understood right away, I often felt he could read my mind by reassuring me in a non-victimizing way, wich I appreciated a lot.
He is just fantastic, I absolutely recommand him, he's a great human being, And yes, his accent is adorable.
Dr Buckett is an amazing doctor and I see him at Medic Elle , which is an incredible clinic and on medicare.
Some posts here say he is at Clinique Medic Elle, a private clinic.
That is not true; the clinic and doctor's visit is covered by RAMQ.
My wife was under the treatment with Dr William Bucket.
Embryo transfer failed 3 times even though there was not a good response from doctor Bucket side.
Really Disappointed.
We just had a great experience with him,He is very help ful doctor with a great knowledge of his work.
I seen Dr William Buckett at the MUHC repeat pregnancy loss clinic and believe me when I tell you this, Dr W..
Buckett is the kindness doctor I've ever encountered.
During his appointments he takes the time to listen and understand what is going on, he is extremely compassionate and explained out every detail of the next step for myself.
He believes in finding the right treatment for all and has given me hope in all my fertility struggles.
I had recurrent miscarriages luckily got refered to dr bucket and he answered  all my questions he explained the situation and made it seem so simple , couple months after I first met him I was successfully pregnant.
The only issue was not being able to meet him when there were issues and the interns were not as experienced.
Wish I was able to continue with you through out the pregnancy.
He cares very much about his patients and the staff he works with.
Dr Buckett knows his stuff.
He tried various tricks to make it happen.
The important thing is to engage with doctors on symptoms and research you have done yourself.
He will listen attentatively.
My wife ended up having twins.
He referred us to Dr Benjamin who takes only high risk deliveries (she did a wonderful job).
Without Dr Buckett, god knows if my wife would have ever have been able to get pregnant.
He is as good as it gets.
Dr Buckett is one in a million.
He explains things in such a way that anyone can understand and he gives you the time you need and deserve to ask all the questions you want.
You never feel rushed out of his office.
He is one of the most knowledgeable doctors I've ever met and is extremely gentle.
Love his accent too.
Dr Buckett needs to be cloned.
 I am a long time patient of his and he is amazing.
 He preformed my hysterectomy and is always there for me for any reassurance I may need.
 He is not like most doctors today who brush you off if you have odd symptoms.
 He is caring and extremely attentive.
 A huge thank you to both Dr Buckett and Judith for always being there for me when I need them.
After three early miscarriages, I started a treatment with him and now I have an amazing 2 month son.
kind empathetic doctor.
wonderful staff.
He gives us hope and is simply a good doctor.
Dr Gitiforooz is best doctor in her field.
She is extremely skilled and caring.
Great doctor analysis done with patience always alert.
Dr Gitiforooz is especially skilled and caring in her practice.
Very thoughtful doctor and is kind and makes you feel good at the time you need it most.
Dr Gitiforooz is skillful, and I like how she extensively reviews the course of treatment so that I fully understand every step.
Made me wait upwards of 2 hours (appt at 9, wasn't seen until about 11:30) to be seen.
Told me I had Chlamydia when I in fact had a UTI.
Would not treat Bartholin cyst.
Then charged me about $150.
Dr Gitiforooz has great bedside manners and is incredibly skilled.
Dr Gitiforooz has good bedside manners and she is extremely smart.
If you're looking for the best OB/GYN, look no further.
Dr Gitiforooz is by far the most skilled, kindest, and most intelligent doctor I have ever had.
Dr Gitiforooz is the epitome of a world class care provider.
I have been seeing Dr Gitiforooz for several years now and have had a wonderful experience the etire time.
She always took time with me and made me feel like she cared even before I was pregnant.
I knew that I definitely wanted her to be my doctor when I had a baby too, if she was that kind even before.
She always takes time to talk to me and makes the experience very personal -- like I am the only patient she has.
And I love the nurses too.
Everyone is always so nice to me.
I really feel taken care of here.
Talented, saavy with the latest surgical techniques, polite, and kind, Dr Gitiforooz is the best OB/GYN.
Little wait-time, helpful staff, extremely kind and knowledgeable.
I love this doctor she delivered both of my kids and saved my life when I had my son.
I always go to her and love it she is very open to me I don't understand all the negative comments she has always been the best obgyn for me and I have been through my share.
I still return to her the wait can be long but it's fine with me.
Dr Gitiforooz is an amazing specialist, and her skills are among the best in the practice.
I just had a myomectomy.
This doctor does not take the time to answer your questions and always rush out of the room when I had appts with her.
After my post op follow up I will be done with her and I will be finding anothe OB/GYN.
Disgusted with this doctor.
Her rudeness is unsurpassed.
After receiving a painful and horrible exam and sent home with no information, I was then diagnosed with endometrial cancer months later.
Be vigilant about your health and do not place your care in her hands.
Extremely caring and skilled, Dr Gitiforooz is a true professional.
I had one of my best experience with a Doctor ever.
 She was on time  and knowledgeable.
Little wait-time, helpful staff, extremely kind and knowledgeable.
I was referred to Dr Gitiforooz due to my complicated condition.
Rude, unprofessional, rough, unkind, loud and unacceptable.
Skilled surgeon, professional bedside manners, amazing surgical outcomes.
Dr Gitiforooz delivered our first child, and I was amazed how quickly the recovery was.
I had a bad experience with Dr Gitiforooz and I agree with all the previous negative posts: she was rude, she rushed and she did not provide useful information.
I would not recommend going to this doctor but I recommend that if you experiencing poor care from her to talk to the administration /ombudsmen this will create a file that documents her poor performance.
Dr Gitiforooz offers world class care and expertise.
I knew that I definitely wanted her to be my doctor when I had a baby too, if she was that kind even before.
Dr Gitiforooz does the quickest and most painless PAP tests ever.
She always reassures me about my overall health.
I do not think she is rude, unprofessional or rough.
i had the best experance, the wait was short , the visit was up to the point and informative.
Dr Gitiforooz is by far the kindest, most intelligent OB/GYN.
This Dr has made me feel so uncomfortable on several occasions.
Frankly it is a horrible experience to be examined by her.
She is rude has no compassion and does not care if the patient is squirming in pain while she examins them.
As for having questions answered well forget it.
She does the minimum required.
Very unhappy with her services and I would never recommend her to anyone.
Going to her was torture.
Dr Gitiforooz treated me with care and respect.
Her bedside manner made me feel comfortable.
Dr Gitiforooz is the best doctor.
I flew all the way from Los Angeles to see her and get the best treatment.
Worst doctor I have ever seen.
First, she barely answered any of my questions about my pregnancy and told me to 'suck it up' Was very cold and did not explain anything.
Ran a batch of $5000 tests that were unnecessary and send me a most shocking bill that she refuses to discuss with me.
At this point, I have no choice but to go to court and I am FOUR MONTHS PREGNANT.
This is ruining my life.
Dr Gitiforooz has good bedside manners and she is extremely knowledgeable.
My ob/gyn refer me to Dr Gitiforooz for complicated Robotic surgery.
Dr Gitiforooz is the best doctor.
I flew all the way from New York to see her.
Dr Gitiforooz does the quickest and most painless PAP tests ever; she always reassures me about my overall health.
Dr Gitiforooz is an extremely talented, kind, trustworthy doctor.
The best OB/GYN out there.
 She is professional, caring, and knowledgeable.
Dr Gitiforooz is a very professional doctor and always makes me feel at ease when seeing her.
Horrible Dr She is rushed, doesn't answer any of your questions.
I ended up in the hospital a week after seeung her with a bad urinary track infection that spread to my blood and almost killed me.
She does not follow up and makes you feel like you are not worthy of her time.
No compassion or care for your feelings and no time to even address your concerns,Absolutely the worse Doctor I have ever been seen by.
Dr Gitiforooz pinpointed my problem and offered the rest course of action.
I appreciate her approach in solving my condition.
A friend of mine recommended me to Dr Gitiforooz, and Dr Gitiforooz met and exceeded all expectations for surgery.
Dr Gitiforooz is an amazing OB/GYN who helped deliver our first child.
Dr Gitiforooz is extremely knowledgeable, kind, and skilled.
 She is professional, skilled, and caring.
Dr Gitiforooz delivered our first child, and I was amazed how quickly the recovery was.
She is extremely skilled.
Dr Gitiforooz is a top care provider and the best OB/GYN I have ever had.
I had a complicated history of reproductive organs.
Prior to visiting Dr Gitiforooz, I saw several other physicians  who were not able to find the root cause of my problem.
 Dr Gitiforooz pinpointed my problem and offered the rest course of action.
 I appreciate her approach in solving my condition.
Dr Gitiforooz is an amazing OB/GYN who helped deliver our first child.
Skilled surgeon, professional bedside manners, amazing surgical outcomes.
I feel like she's always in a rush.
Getting any procedures done by her is traumatic.
I agree that she is not very compassionate when it comes to making one feel calm.
She definitely treats you as a number, not a patient.
I was given results of a positive test via a letter which I don't think was appropriate.
There was no call to explain/answer questions.
Bedside manner is completely lacking here.
Dr Gitiforooz exceeds expectations in all possible manners.
A true expert, kindhearted individual.
 I am eternally grateful for all she has done for me.
I am shocked at the negative comments.
I went to Dr G for a second opinion for a hysterectomy.
She performed far less invasive robotic hysterectomy than suggested by the first doctor and I found the entire experience amazing beginning to end.
She was very thorough, patient, and provided excellent care.
Despite the 25 minute drive, I now use her as my OB/GYN exclusively.
Awesome doc.
Given that she delivers babies, I admit wait times have been long on occasion, but I will gladly wait for her.
Dr G is awesome.
I have had her care for me with both pregnancies and she also answers all of my questions.
I think that Dr Gitiforooz is a very professional doctor and always makes me feel at ease when seeing her.
I would recommend her as an OBGYN.
Dr Gitiforooz treated me with care and respect.
Here bedside manner made me feel comfortable.
I recommend Dr Gitiforooz to my friends and family members.
Dr Gitiforooz took time to explain the causes of my condition and suggested the best possible treatment for me.
Dr Gitiforooz is an amazing skilled, talented, and caring doctor.
Dr Gitiforooz is extremely caring and one of the best surgeons in her field.
I flew from out-of-state to see Dr Gitiforooz and she is the best OB/GYN I have ever visited.
As good as it can getI was very happy with the service.
Dr Gitiforooz has a terrible bedside manner - didn't explain her recommended method of contraception or interactions with my other prescriptions.
She avoided explaining the length of time between test and results.
When I eventually received my results (4-6 weeks later) I was instructed to schedule a very invasive procedure.
Those results took some time, which I understand, but when I went for a follow up, she had no clue who I was or the last time I had been in which was only 6 months prior.
I was very unhappy and switched to another doctor on the same floor.
I had a difficult pregnancy and she was wonderful assisting me.
She is very knowledgeable and took ample time with me explaining what happened to my body.
Dr Gitiforooz is especially skilled in her practice.
Dr Giti delivered my daughter 2 weeks ago.
She worked very hard to bring her into this world safely, despite a very high risk pregnancy and everything went well.
She is a very caring, personable Dr tho I think her best intentions can be misinterpreted sometimes, which is a shame.
Talented, saavy with the latest surgical techniques, polite, and kind, Dr Gitiforooz is an expert OB/GYN.
I don't even know how to describe my experience other than it being the worst medical care I have ever received.
She never answered my questions and seemed to ignore many of my concerns.
I had a high risk pregnancy and she did nothing to reassure me.
Others may like her bedside manner, I did not.
She was not very personable and I felt ignored constantly.
Dr Gitiforooz is the most skilled OB/GYN I have ever had.
 I had a difficult pregnancy and she was wonderful assisting me.
She is very knowledgeable and took ample time with me explaining what happened to my body.
Dr Gitiforooz is one of the kindest and most skilled doctors.
Dr Gitiforooz is the friendliest and most intelligent OB/GYN I have ever had.
A friend of mine recommended me to Dr Gitiforooz.
Dr Gitiforooz is extremely skilled with complicated and minimally-invasive surgeries.
Dr Gitiforooz is extremely skilled with minimally-invasive procedures.
Amazing surgeon, professional staff, and incredibly skilled.
My ob/gyn refer me to Dr Gitiforooz for complicated Robotic surgery,I was extremely nervous.
My experience was very good.
I meet her one visit to explain the surgery to me and go through risks,she was very through and I felt at ease,Everybody in hospital were praising her and keep telling me she is the best,after surgery I could go home same day which was great.
I saw her couple of time more after surgery and I was impress  by her knowledge and skill,I had the best experience.
Dr Gitiforooz is the best OB/GYN doctor I have had.
 She is caring, intelligent, and skilled.
I was referred to Dr Gitiforooz due to my complicated condition.
Dr Gitiforooz kindly explained to me the logistics of the entire surgical procedure.
I am extremely impressed with her surgical skills.
Dr Gitiforooz is the best doctor in the practice.
 So glad to have her as my OB/GYN.
I flew from out-of-state to see Dr Gitiforooz and she is the best OB/GYN.
Dr Gitiforooz is a thoughtful doctor, who is extremely talented and skilled in her field of practice.
Dr G is awesome.
I have had her for both pregnancies and she also answers all of my questions.
Very thoughtful doctor,  She managed to bring me comfort and made me whole again.
 She is kind and  make you feel good at the time you need it most.
Dr Gitiforooz is by far one of the most experienced doctors.
I been a patient of this practice for years and I have never had a problem.
Now that I'm pregnant they have been amazing with my care.
Every time I call with a question they got back to me within a couple of hours a lot of the time quicker than that.
I like the fact that you get to see all the doctors from the practice and they come in prepare with details of your record.
Love the wiliness to answer any question no matter how small they are.
I recommend this place to any of my friends looking for a doctor.
Dr Dharma is the best doctor I could've asked for.
She's caring and obviously loves her job.
From prenatal care up to delivery and even after, She was amazing.
Her assistant is also a great doctor, I didn't experience the assistant doctor.
But I hear she's great.
If you're having a baby, I'd use Women's Clinic.
Dr Dharma and her staff are friendly and professional.
They provide exceptional health care and always address any questions that I may have.
I recently had a baby and was pleased with the labor and delivery experience.
Dr Dharma made this a positive, memorable experience.
I would certainly recommend Women's Clinic to other women in Dallas Texas.
Highly recommend Dr Dharma.
She is wonderful and amazing.
Dr Dharma was super nice, patient, and helpful she was our main doctor.
Dr Dharma delivered our son on 4/3 and was very professional and kind.
Excellent service and staff.
I absolutely LOVE Dr Dharma, she's so sweet and helpful with any questions I have.
I've never felt more comfortable than when I walked into this place , yes they can get busy but it's Women's Clinic and the price is right so you gotta expect to wait.
but besides that the people are so friendly the office is so clean , and the best part is the people are willing to work with you.
I've been going here for years.
I have had no issues with any of the doctors, and would recommend them all.
Dr Dharma and her staff are great.
Dr Dharma delivered my daughter last year via C-section.
Yes, I'm going there for the excellent doctors.
Quite pleased with my visit.
One of the best provider experiences I have had in a long time.
Dharma was very thorough and communicated in a way I could understand and made me feel comfortable to ask questions.
This hospital is the reason our miracle baby is now almost 4 and very healthy.
All the staff in Women's Clinic were very compassionate and caring.
Good people and good service 10 stars couldn't thanks them enough.
 However this year I had surgery and I came to appreciate this doctor's expertise.
Dr Dharma and her staff compassionately helped me throughout the surgery procedures and I felt like she was very attentive and compassionate.
The surgery could not have gone better and was nearly pain-free.
I recovered very quickly with no complications.
She explained everything in detail prior to the surgery and provided several different options.
Her staff is just as caring and attentive.
Also she's gives me all the time and attention I need during appointments.
Walkin available is extremely helpful, pretty close to my school and house and the doctors and staffs really care about my well being.
I love going here.
They are very professional and are all great doctors.
Went here with my now 3 year old when I was pregnant and now going there with this pregnancy.
Dr Dharma is very personal, thorough, and quick.
She is also my personal female doctor.
Her bedside manner is fabulous.
Love the office staff and how understanding they are when experiencing an urgent matter.
Everyone is extremely helpful and pleasant, but be prepared to move in and move out.
It is a very fast-paced center with a get it done attitude.
Overall, I loved the level of care and concern that I was given, and I absolutely recommend this place to others.
WOW is all I can say.
I saw Dr Kala Dharma today and she was totally awesome.
I was emotional about my visit and she made me feel so comfortable as well as giving me words of encouragement.
If I could give her more than 5 stars I definitely would.
Thanks a million Dharma.
I have gone to this lady for years.
She has always called me back and has always answered my questions.
My child's delivery was handled professionally and with minimal discomfort.
I think you were right to switch doctors.
You should have directed your ingnorant comments elsewhere's though.
It has been a real pleasure getting to know the folks here over the years.
Everyone I've met here, from the clinic staff to doctors, has been lovely.
Everyone here truly has the best interests of clients at heart and wants to do all they can to create a supportive and non-judgmental atmosphere.
Women's Clinic is truly a positive force in the community.
The environment at the clinic is very professional, inviting and calming.
I love how personable and non-judgmental the staff was.
The nurse answered all my questions.
I'm so glad I came here and will definitely recommend anyone I know to come in.
I love this office and have been going for several years.
I am so shocked to see the negative reviews so I had to add mine.
I never have to wait for long, they have made it very comfortable for me.
I see Dr Dharma and she is great.
Very friendly and real, which I appreciate.
I never feel like she is rushing me through and she gets to know me and my family, the nurses are great too.
I always find myself laughing and having a great time with them.
Maybe the negative reviewers prefer a boring uptight office.
Overall great experience and I will continue to come here in the future.
Dr Dharma should no longer be able to practice as she has an unsanitary office.
Her Diagnosis is not on pointand I had to set up an appointment with another Doctor for a second opinion.
to my findings I was correct.
Letting her practice is a mistake.
DrDHARM the best doctor I have came across.
she is really helpful and have a good idea of what she is doing.
Had the best experience from my last appointment.
I went there for care when I was pregnant with my last 2 children and annual exams.
I always saw Dr Dharma who is always great.
The other doctor's, assistants and office staff are also wonderful.
This is a great place to go.
Dr Dharma is a wonderful OB/GYN.
I've used Women's Clinic of St Francis Ave, Dallas, TX for all 3 of my pregnancies and the staff, Midwives and Doctors have been wonderful for all of them.
You guys are awesome example of what health care should look like.
she never gave me a follow up pap smear.
and her staff was horrible one of her doctors caused me internal dmage after a pap smear.
They were so friendly, respectful and above all, comprehensive.
If I was to choose where to give birth, I will choose this place.
They were very concern of my unborn child and myself.
They will make you feel relax, and make better decisions.
Very nice people helped me immensely.
Their cozy office provides a love filled environment where I feel comfortable sitting, talking and watching informative videos once a week about my health and the health of my unborn baby.
Through doing this they allow women to gain more knowledge about their baby and pregnancy.
I can't say enough how thankful I am to Women Clinic for opening their doors and being available to me and other mothers who need guidance and help.
The faculty here is extremely professional and made the process seamless.
They take their time to explain what your options are and what each process entails of.
The staff is awesome.
My experience was great there, The people were very nice and discreet.
They were so friendly, respectful and above all, comprehensive.
If I was to choose where to give birth, I will choose this place.
They were very concern of my unborn child and myself.
They will make you feel relax, and make better decisions.
i had my procedure done today my experience wasn't bad at all the staff was very friendly and the Director of patient services Dr Dharma was very friendly she made me feel comfortable her Customer Service was Awesome she had to be the best in the whole clinic.
i would recommend this clinic to anyone.
In my personal experience, this is the best place.
I see Dr Rachel Dharma and let me tell you, she is the best.
I was apprehensive about going, but Dharma is the most knowledgeable being around.
She is compassionate, understanding, caring, and genuinely listens to you.
I never receive judgement or criticism from the nurses or Dharma.
I always feel welcomed and comfort when I step into the office.
I always get my billing statements in a prompt manner and have never had an issue with billing.
Have been going here for almost 3 years.
And never get disappointed.
They are there to help, they are honest and they care.
Its the best place to go to and i refer this clinic to all my female colleagues.
I have coming here for gynecology and women's health care for several years now.
The staff is excellent, very very friendly.
The Doctor and Certified Nurses that work here are very experienced and really know their stuff , they always take time to answer my questions and listen to me, I don't feel rushed as I have felt in other places.
Same day appointments is awesome.
They are amazing, helpful, cheerful & friendly group of people.
from my experience I received more help than I expected they actually care which is awesome all the way.
And the best thing is they offer class & programs.
And they sincerely care about you and the well-being of your baby.
So they are 100% nice people.
Had a wonderful experience.
Staff is very kind and they greet you.
They where very kind and helpful in many ways.
Every question I had they helped by answering them.
They give you information regarding your situation.
They make you feel important unlike other doctors i have visited,The environment is calm and relaxing.
Can't wait to start my classes with them.
Dr Dharma and her staff are amazing.
I was always at ease and was welcomed each time I went to see her.
She is very knowledgeable and takes her time in the room with you.
Most doctors I have seen always seem to rush in and out.
Not Dr Dharma, she answers all your questions and concerns thoroughly.
If I could give her 10 stats, I would.
I have been going to her Clinic since they opened.
I love the Doctor's and even though I only visit once or twice a year they remember me and what is going on in my personal life.
Great place - MDs and staff are awesome, from scheduling to clinical expertise of the providers we've had nothing but good experiences here.
Everyone is friendly and always refer my friends to go here.
Dr Dharma seemed nice but did not talk much during my visits.
My experience here was exceptionally good.
From the moment I arrived I was greeted with a smile and the facility was clean and neat.
I was very impressed with how many resources were provided.
The staff was informative and supportive without judgment.
I recommend this place to anyone who is in need of immediate care.
Kinda surprised to see such bad ratings on her.
Love this clinic and the wait is not long.
I've always had a pleasant experience at Women's Clinic.
The check in process is quick and everybody in the office makes you feel comfortable.
The staff are responsive to my needs, polite and professional.
I and my husband have seen several of the doctors during her pregnancy and liked each of them.
I appreciate that the doctors and staff are willing to answer any of my or my husbands questions quickly and always in a respectful manner.
Very wonderful.
I love Dr Dharma and you would too.
She's very kind and she listens to your concern.
The front desk staff is AWESOME.
Excellent experience starting from the friendly receptionist, sweet and friendly medical assistance and of course Dr Dharma.
I would highly recommend Women's Clinic of St Francis Ave, Dallas, TX to my friends.
Worst place ever.
Full of ghetto ratchet people.
I made in appointment to get my implanon removed out of my arm and get a new one.
The appointment was at 2:45 I didn't do paperwork until 4:30 then at 4:58 when the doctor family comes in to see me they tell me the original doctor called in today and that she was stepping in to cover for her but she could not do it.
I was so upset I just walked out.
I sat there for over 3 hours and missed work for nothing.
Then they are not clean at all the place looks a like a disaster.
I wish I could give them no stars.
You deserve better ladies DO NOT GO.
If you do you gon be saying dang that review was right.
Dr Dharma is a wonderful doctor.
She always takes time to answer any questions or concerns you may have.
She is very easy to talk to and always has a smile on her face.
I am so glad I picked her to be my Doctor.
The office is very convenient as well - you can get your ultrasounds and if you need extra lab tests its just next door.
Her staff is wonderful.
I have had a great experience.
I drive 30 minutes to her office and it is worth it.
The Women's Clinic of Dallas provides free medical pregnancy verification.
They also provide individual counseling, sexual health education, and STI testing.
 The clinic is very inviting and the nurses are very friendly.
This clinic is a safe place where women can come, ask questions and receive support from a caring staff.
im 9 months pregnant and i've only seen her once for about 5 minutes.
her staff is okay however i think she needs to give her patients more attention than she has been doing.
i've been seeing one of her male associates whom i dislike.
sometimes they dont even answer their phones when it rings.
im very skeptical about her delivering my baby.
im considering going to a different hospital.
These woman are so amazing I call them my angels.
So happy I found this place.
And the environment is absolutely clean and welcoming and most important their free service is worth more than anything.
I appreciate the Women's Clinic of Dallas and I thank you.
Love this practice.
Dr Dharma is the best.
Women's Clinic provided me with emotional support and help me make the most appropriate decision.
It was obvious that they cared.
This is a great, caring Clinic and very comprehensive.
I was comfortable and felt listened to the whole visit.
Wait time was not too bad either.
I recommend them to anyone who needs help.
Will be returning.
I love, love, love Dr Dharma.
For both of my pregnancies I received prenatal care from here and I can honestly say that I received the best care and answered any questions and concerns.
And to top it off, I delivered very healthy babies with no issues.
I must say that this group of Doctors and nurses are truly amazing (each one of them).
They have delivered both of my children.
They are all so friendly and helpful and coming to them was the best thing I ever did because at that point I  felt that I was listened to, supported, and empowered by this group of women.
The nurses and doctors here have been nothing but helpful and professional for both of my pregnancies and deliveries.
They take the time to listen and follow up quickly.
It can be a busy office but they always squeeze in necessary appointments.
The front desk staff have been pleasant and friendly for all of my visits, which were weekly during the second half of my pregnancy.
I loved all the doctors there.
Dr Dharma was my favorite.
She also delivered my son.
No long wait times and great customer service.
I would recommend this practice to all expecting mothers.
Amazing, professional staff, comfortable and caring atmosphere, and incredibly convenient location in downtown Dallas.
Loved this clinic and there services to me.
Nice and welcoming, comforting, had never felt so loved walking into a clinic.
Some of the ladies there should truly be primary care doctors, need more caring people like them.
Definitely recommend the Women's Clinic of Dallas.
Dr Dharma is a great Doctor she set you at ease.
Upon checking in for my appointment, I didn't have to wait long (10 min max).
Her staff are the best and I enjoyed them.
She is prompt with her visits and diagnosing any issues.
She deliver 2 of my children.
She listens and she is very understanding.
This is the worst doctor that I have ever witnessed practicing.
Her office in Mesquite was filthy.
When I decided to switch Dr's because I heard from nurses at local hospitals how horrible she was during delivery (rushing deliveries by using the vacuum suction devise as well as pulling placentas out of patients instead of waiting for them to deliver) they refused to release my records.
When i went to my new Dr my blood pressure was so high that their nurse offered to go back to dharma's office to get my records and told me not to go back.
 thank God that I switched doctors when I did.
 Dr Sami Constantine was a godsend to me and his practice is the total opposite of Dharma's.
 He is 100% professional, caring, intelligent, can't say enough of how great he truly is.
This was my second time going and I received great service just like the first time.
My nurse practitioner made me feel so relaxed and comfortable.
She is super nice and doesn't rush.
The entire staff was amazing and my experience was so great that I just had to share it.
No matter where I move in the Dallas area, I will continue to come here simply because of my great experiences with them.
It's great to know there are still people out there who take service seriously and respect your time.
I went to Women's Clinic of St Francis Ave, in Dallas for an ultrasound and I couldn't believe the service I received.
The staff was so sweet and caring; they made me feel extremely comfortable.
I would recommend this place to anyone.
I have seen Dr Dharma here for a few years now and have not been disappointed.
I do on occasion have to wait a bit beyond my appointment, but such is the case with seeing a doctor.
While in the room I have never felt rushed and she has always patiently answered my questions whenever I have any.
I have, and will, recommend this office to anyone.
I love Dr Dharma, she's very professional and patient.
I know sometimes people have to wait for a long time before seeing doctor, but everyone there is trying their best to check the patients.
I will always go there for my feminine needs.
I enjoyed my experience, clean facility and lovely people.
Dr Dharma is amazing.
I'm so relieved and the women at that center deserve 5 stars and beyond.
Their level of patience, attentiveness, kindness, professionalism, and efforts shouldn't go unnoticed.
I can't put into words how I'm so grateful I chose them as my medical center.
Great care from great people.
Quick and efficient and thorough.
Comfortable place to go to.
I was terrified of going but ended up being in a good safe comfortable environment.
The staff were highly professional and friendly, and the doctor I visited was incredibly professional.
Dr Dharma is a wonderful physician.
She genuinely cares for her patients and she is willing to spend the time and extra effort to make sure you are getting the care you need.
It is obvious that this is not just a job to her.
She has a great team, I cannot speak highly enough of them.
Dr Dharma recently delivered my second baby and we like all the doctors here.
Simply put, they are the best.
Dr Dharma has been my ob/gym for over 10 years and has delivered all my babies.
Her ability to provide great service, making you feel comfortable and be more knowledgeable makes her top notch.
I recommend her to every woman that needs care.
I have had many different doctors but Dr Dharma Is the absolute best.
Great attitude, very polite, answers your questions and concerns and knows what she is talking about.
I highly suggest anyone looking for an all around great doctor to see her.
I've already sent 2 people myself.
Staff is very friendly as well.
I started going here 5 years ago and I don't know what I would have done without them, I am very grateful.
I went to the one in 3453 St Francis Ave, Dallas, TX with my daughter this time and it was also excellent.
Its a very nice and clean environment and the ladies there were so nice that my daughter didn't want to leave because they counseled her and made her feel better about everything.
I strongly recommend going there if ever in need of quality OBGYN care.
I love the welcoming and personable staff at Women's Clinic.
I feel that all of my questions and concerns were taken care of every step of the way throughout my pregnancy.
I had Dr Dharma deliver my baby.
She is amazing.
I felt very well taken care of by them all.
After having a terrible experience at a previous OBGYN I had a friend refer me to Women's Clinic and I'm glad she did.
I started going to them when I was around 16 weeks pregnant.
They always make me feel welcome when I come in and know me by name now.
Currently 33 weeks pregnant I usually never have to wait more than 20 minutes in the lobby to be seen.
Wonderful place.
Had a great experience with the nurses at Women's Clinic.
Throughout my entire pregnancy, my questions were always answered and phone calls were always returned promptly.
I could count on the nurses to help me make the best decision for myself without feeling pressured.
I felt very comfortable going in for my check ups and even looked forward to them.
Dr Kala Dharma helped deliver my daughter along with a student midwife, I was very comfortable during labor and delivery.
I can't begin to tell you how sweet the nurses were who helped during my labor.
I would, and have, recommend any pregnant woman to investigate Women's Clinic.
I love Women's Clinic.
I've gone here for two to three years, and my doctor is Dr Dharma.
She's nice, knowledgeable, and fast (a huge plus, as anyone who's ever gotten a Pap smear knows).
I've found everyone I've interacted with at Women's Clinic to be professional and kind.
I've never been pregnant so I can't speak to their midwives, but I've never had a bad experience here.
Just figured I'd leave a shout-out, because it's so hard to find a good obgyn.
I have seen Dr Dharma and other providers at Women's Clinic for years and have received premium, compassionate and respectful care.
Dr Dharma is my main provider and she has always been willing to spend the necessary time to answer my inquiries and address my concerns.
The front office is efficient and helpful, nurses get back when called and other providers also are knowledgeable and kind.
Dallas is lucky to have such a great practice available for OB/GYN services.
Our experience in IN Women's Clinic has been great, all the staff have been very attentive and always attentive to the needs of their patients.
We are grateful for the support and opportunities provided to all people who come to this center.
My counselor Dr Dharma is a kind and patient person.
My wife has seen Dr Dharma on a few occassions and she has had nothing but good things to say.
 And from what I hear she is like the best OB doctor in all of Dallas.
They were caring and sensitive to my needs.
I couldn't ask for more the staff was friendly and warm.
They actually care about me and my health and through the whole process.
The process was fast and I appreciate them for putting me and my needs first.
The facility was clean and efficient.
They have a wonderful staff lot of people look at where it's located and are like ehhhh but honestly once you step inside its pure comfort and such an amazingly comforting setting.
They make everything private and make sure you are comfortable in every way.
A lot of the nurses have had experience to what us women are there for and they are by your side the whole way through.
I can't remember her name but I had an absolutely beyond amazing nurse.
The staff cares so much about you, your health and your comfort.
And the counseling services they provide beforehand is definitely wonderful.
I'm a little surprised about the reviews I have read here.
 I have never had any problems with DrDharma or her staff.
 They have always been extremely courteous and Dr Dharma is always polite and knowledgeable.
 The only thing I could think of that's negative was that the waiting room was pretty full.
 However, I did some research on her after my sister and cousin recommended me to her and found that she has never had a malpractice suit or negligence cases EVER.
 That can't be said for many other doctors in the Dallas/Ft.
Worth Metroplex.
 I hope this is helpful.
My 16 year old daughter was scared to go to this kind of DR but she was very nice and gentle and made her feel comfortable.
They were knowledgeable and helpful and we did not have to wit long at all.
We absolutely love Dr Dharma and her staff.
They are very kind and knowledgeable.
They really take the time to get to know you, but they are also respectful of your time and try to get you in and out in a reasonable amount of time.
Dr Dharma delivered three of my kids and I refer her to everyone I know who needs an OB/GYN.
They really listen to your concerns, calmed my fears and anxieties and stuck to my birth plan and I REALLY appreciate all that they have been to me and all that they have done for my family.
I love, love, love Dr Dharma.
For both of my pregnancies I received prenatal care from here and I can honestly say that I received the best care and answered any questions and concerns.
And to top it off, I delivered very healthy babies with no issues.
I never write reviews but I must say this is a great place to obtain this service.
I drove two hours based off a review from a friend and I was blown away.
Everyone was so helpful and kind.
I mean everyone.
I will recommend them to anyone.
I want be doing this again but for anyone whose looking for a great place this is it.
Thank you once again Women's Clinic for taking great care of me and all the ladies around me today.
These guys got the job done.
I wish I knew about these fine people 10 years ago, it would have changed my life for the better, oh how I wish I had a time machine.
Great clinic.
I am very confident that I received a much higher quality of care here than I would have anywhere else in Dallas.
Please reach out to them if you are in need of great care and support.
I love Women's Clinic and the staff 10/10.
I love the doctors and staff at women's Clinic.
Dr Dharma is the best OB/GYN doctor in Dallas.
She delivered my son in July of 2013.
I can't begin to describe the love and compassion she has for patients.
Very kind/understanding nurses and doctors.
One of the Best places to be treated at for your OBGYN needs.
First and most importantly, they are organized and efficient.
This Clinic provides so many great services.
I really appreciate the dedication of the staff.
So very thankful for these people.
My experience was the best.
Check in was easy and they were nice, informative, and pleasant.
The nurses were the best answered every question made me feel warm and comfortable.
And on my recovery the nurse sent me off with a heartfelt hug and well wishes.
Thank you guys.
Women's Clinic is GREAT.
They are so fast, friendly, and helpful.
I was seen today within 3 minutes of arriving as a walk-in.
That never happens at other doctors offices or clinics.
They deserve to be commended for their excellent service.
I really love Dr Dharma, she gives you her attention and listens to your concerns.
The office at this location is small but nice.
Never had any problems with the staff or wait times.
It has been a real pleasure getting to know the folks here over the years.
Everyone I've met here has been lovely.
Everyone here truly has the best interests of clients at heart and wants to do all they can to create a supportive and non-judgmental atmosphere.
Women's Clinic is truly a positive force in the community.
I just started going to this practice within the last year and have been very satisfied with the practice and the doctors.
All of the staff are very friendly.
I was extremely impressed with Dr Dharma and how she handled a health issue that I was going through.
I almost never wait to get called back, in and out in very little time unless I have a bunch of questions, then they always take the time to answer them.
People that say wait times are long must have just been there on a bad day because most of the time they call me back before I can even sit down.
All the nurses and physicians are great.
I have had a great experience with this group.
The staff is extremely professional and always friendly.
The doctors have all been helpful, supportive, and really communicate with me.
I am not afraid to ask questions.
I moved here from another group by recommendation and I'm glad I did.
I used this doctor with my oldest child and was referred to her from a friend.
I was no pleased with her at all.
I seen her one time my entire pregnancy and that was for a sonogram and she rushed through it, then she delivered my child.
Out of all my experience in visiting clinics and hospitals, this one stands out the most.
I've never felt more welcome and comforted in an office before.
The staff was very friendly and patient and the nurses and nurse practitioner made sure all of my questions and concerns were addressed and future/long-term health planning was taken care of.
Absolutely excellent.
I was there with my baby and nurses took care of him while I was busy and he was crying because we were there little longer than I expected.
They were nice, respectful and even today when I called them to report my status, the nurse asked about the baby.
Thank you ladies, you are the best.
I have been going to Women's Clinic for a year, I absolutely love Dr Dharma.
Very friendly staff.
the Doctor was very nice and helped me out a lot.
She was super sweet and professional, and made me feel good about my visit at Women's Clinic.
Thank you, Dr Dharma, I will book all my future appointments with you.
I have been going here for years they helped me get started with all my children and their nurses and service is always awesome.
Amazing staff and extremely comfortable environment.
They give lots of information about all of your choices.
Answered all the questions I had, very understanding.
Staff was very nice.
I would recommend women's clinic to every woman, they really help you in many ways.
Its a very resourceful place they help you out in so many ways by proving classes for self knowledge about pregnancy and the baby.
Dr Dharma is great she's very helpful and very nice.
She always has a smile on her face and she makes you feel comfortable at all times.
Keep up the great work.
I moved to Women's Clinic in the 2nd trimester of my pregnancy.
Switching doctors was not easy but Women's Clinic made it a very smooth transition.
Dr Dharma is fantastic.
They make you feel at ease and she is very knowledgeable in her field.
I will hopefully be delivering in the next few months and I feel very confident putting my baby and myself in their hands.
I had the same problems as the first two posters, this lady only saw me once during my pregnancy.
She gave me a sonogram that was less than 1 minute long, and the picture was blurry.
I was of course disappointed, because it was the only sonogram I had during my entire pregnancy.
Her staff was unprofessional and would talk about their love lives etc.
My baby was later delivered by a different doctor.
Today was second time I have came to this clinic they where so helpful with my first pregnancy they gave me a lot of information about pregnancies they even did a sonogram on me today because I didn't know how far a long I was this is the best clinic to go to its free they give a lot of helpful information the staff is very friendly as well I'm so glad i found out about this clinic.
My wife has been to that office 5 or 6 times and has nothing but good things to say about the staff.
The Nurse Practitioner that she sees is very helpful and knowledgeable, she takes her time discussing issues with her and in fact was in the room with her at her last visit for over 30 minutes.
She makes my wife feel very comfortable and seems to meet her needs.
We will continue to see her.
Dr Dharma is amazing.
She has great bedside manners.
She is very professional yet down to earth.
Always thorough during visits.
Amazing staff members and no long wait time at all.
They make you feel like your right at home.
My first time going and I loved it so much I'm going to continue my prenatal care through them.
Excellent staff, love the doctors and nurses.
I just want to thank Women's Clinic for seeing me.
The staff are very friendly and the person in the room with the doctor walks u through the whole thing.
She is very kind and helped me a lot.
The doctor took her time and told me step by step what was going to happen.
I would recommend this place to anyone.
Everyone goes through a rough time in their life.
They don't judge you.
Because it's your decision.
I trust Dr Dharma with my life.
She always takes time to answer every question, listens respectfully and honestly to every concern, and is always willing to take extra measures to make SURE that my concerns are alleviated.
When I was having pain, they brought me in right away and did every test to find out what was wrong.
I'll be really sad when I'm not pregnant anymore and don't get to come back every month.
My experience at Women's Clinic was hands down amazing.
The staff actually cares about what your going through and are VERY helpful.
They are also friendly, warm and really put me at ease.
Very satisfied.
They provided me with an abundance of information and answered any questions I had in great detail.
I'm am truly thankful for their services.
My wife and I went to this wonderful clinic when we first learned that we were going to have a baby.
We had the greatest of experiences here and would recommend it to anyone in need of such support.
Such a friendly, compassionate, and professional staff.
After the birth of our son, our first 'baby's day out' was to come back and introduce him to everyone at the clinic.
This doctor's office is absolutely fantastic.
I have been here three different times and have seen two different doctors.
Both were amazing and understanding.
I would not go anywhere else after being taken care of so well here.
In fact, after I move to Dallas, I plan to still return to women's Clinic to see these doctor's.
Highly, highly recommend.
I was seen by Dr Dharma.
She treats you like a human being, so kind and she takes her time with you.
At most places, Doctors and Nursing Practitioners walk in and rush out; she talks to you and explains everything to you.
So glad she was recommended to me, so I'm recommending her to you.
The people are really nice and helpful.
The woman who does the blood draws is one of the nicest ladies I've ever met.
I've never gotten my blood drawn before and she calmed my nerves and it didn't hurt too bad.
Really appreciate everything they do there.
Very professional, courteous and caring staff.
They made a very unfortunate visit extremely pleasant.
Each staff member took the time to explain everything and answer any questions I had.
There were no intrusive questions or judgmental remarks.
Every bit of information was given with direct tact and candor, yet with the kindness that any patient would expect.
I would recommend this facility and its services to ANY woman.
I love this clinic everything are the way I have imagined.
Dr Dharma & her staff are amazing.
All of them, from the front desk staff to the doctor, were personal, caring, comforting, supportive, & non judgmental.
All of the staff truly care about their patients.
You even get Dr Dharma personal cell phone number to call after the procedure should you need anything at all.
What other doctor would do that for his patients?
 The office was clean & comfortable.
Would I recommend this clinic?
 Without a doubt I would.
I thoroughly enjoyed my experience with Women's Clinic.
They have been very helpful and answered all my questions.
Dr Dharma listened to what I wanted, but also she gave her medical opinion for what she thought I should do throughout the pregnancy.
She has a good bedside manner than others.
Thanks Dr Dharma and the entire team at women's Clinic.
Dr Kala Dharma & staff are very helpful both of my pregnancies Dr Dharma treated me well.
The Most Excellent Doctor I have ever met and Really it was a worth meeting her.
My daughter and I both go here and we LOVE Dr Dharma.
She is by FAR the best person I have dealt with within any place Ive been to.
She is comforting and real and funny and takes her time to make you feel important.
We are so thankful to have a place where we both feel comfortable and actually look forward to going to.
She cares about you personally not just as a patient.
Love her.
Will never go anywhere else.
From the 1st day and 1st moment of walking in, we were treated with warm smiles.
The people there are so polite, kind and loving.
I wasn't used to this when it comes nurses, doctor's and clinics.
Normally those environments are cold, no compassion.
This was definitely not the case.
They feel like family.
Have been going here for almost 3 years.
And never get disappointed.
They are there to help, they are honest and they care.
Its the best place to go to and i refer this clinic to all my female colleagues.
Always recommended.
This is a great support system.
I am so happy to have them in my life.
They have helped me so much with my children to be a better and less stress parent.
I love you guys.
I cant wait to be able to give back and donate to this program, there is none like it.
I enjoyed my experience at the clinic.
The people were kind and helpful.
They made me feel safe that my child is in good hands.
I received more help then i expected.
And they are very affordable and have programs to help you assure your child will have the things babies need after the birth.
They are more then just a clinic.
I've been going here since 2013 when I was pregnant with my daughter (at a very young age).
I was treated with respect and kindness and they really took into account my medical history and offered lots of support and options for a healthy and (relatively) stress free pregnancy.
I have continued to go to this office and highly recommend this group to any woman.
I had both my children with this doctor and I am now currently pregnant with my third and plan on using them again.
I love this place and all the women and men who work here.
I really love it here.
This is my first pregnancy and I was nervous.
The staff are very kind and really strive for you to feel comfortable and to share with you information about what you are going through and to offer assistance and help through out the whole thing,The ladies are very nice.
Plus the office is beautiful and comforting.
They give you lots of resources.
Literally the most amazing appointment ever with Dr Dharma.
They let me book and submit paperwork and my appointment started on time, Dr Dharma was so knowledgable and calm and I was out of there in under 45 minutes.
Overall a truly great experience.
What a warm, welcoming and friendly place.
Everyone reaches out to you and makes you feel very worthy and cared for.
This is a wonderful resource for assistance with making decisions, obtaining pregnancy and childcare education.
The staff are all very friendly and helpful.
I will forever be grateful to them.
I switched for my second pregnancy here.
All the staff was very polite.
I always had my 2year old son with me and they watched over him while I was in the office.
I had a very hard delivery for both of my babies but the patience and support that Dr Dharma showed during my delivery was totally different from the one i had with my first one (which was in another office),Thank you for making a difference.
Dr Dharma is a fantastic doctor.
Her knowledge, expertise and bed side manner make her such a great physician.
All the doctors and nurses were very knowledgeable and always answered our questions.
Dr Dharma delivered our baby and did a very good job with utmost care.
I visited this clinic, they have a very great service, friendly and very very helpful group of people.
They treat you like part of their family.
They show there concern for you and hear you out on your issues and concerns thru difficult times.
There was love and encouragement here.
They gave me advise and have helped me go through my pregnancies.
Would recommend anyone going through a hard time to come to them.
Extraordinary care.
Dr Dharma and her staff are exceptional.
Dr Dharma just delivered my fourth child and I could not be happier with all the care she and her staff have given me throughout these 4 pregnancies in the last 5 and a half years.
I also liked the nurses and office staff a lot.
The whole practice gets a high recommendation from me.
I'm a new patient at Women's Clinic and I couldn't be happier.
this wonderful place was a dream come true.
The staff are amazing and very patient.
So far I really enjoy coming here.
Absolutely love Dr Dharma.
She is so good and does a really good job taking care of you and baby.
Coming here is always a great experience.
I would recommend Women's Clinic to anyone.
Dr Dharma was late when I was in labor my baby's head was already coming out by the time she showed up.
One of the nurses told me to hold my baby in because she doesn't get paid enough to deliver a baby.
I understand where she's coming from even tho that really upset me it's not her fault my doctor was late.
I had a good experience at Women's Clinic, everyone was so kind and sensitive.
They made my experience as comfortable as possible due to the situation.
They were so wonderful and they were very accommodating.
I could not have asked for a better place to have gone through this intense situation.
I would recommend this place to my friends.
Excellent care and service.
The staff and counselor helped me so much and put my mind at ease.
Recommend to any woman seeking care,This place was great.
The staff is wonderful.
They are so sincere and you can see that they genuinely care about the patients.
The Dr Dharma had the BEST bed side manners I've have ever had when it comes to any doctor or any hospital visit I've had to make.
I absolutely would recommend this place to anyone that is in this situation.
 She has all the right equipment for that and won't hesitate to use her ultrasound machine right away if she can't get a heartbeat on the baby (with no charge to you if your insurance won't cover it).
She spares no expense for her patients.
Like I said  she's the best.
The nurses and doctors here are so caring and gentle and reassuring.
I couldn't stop thanking them for making me feel comfortable in such a hard time.
They had a lot of patients and I was there for a few hours; however, everyone at the clinic made me feel comfortable and safe.
I applaud any place that helps any women going through a tough time.
I recommend this clinic.
Dr Dharma is exceptional.
She was prompt, professional, and hospitable on my first visit.
She listened to my concerns and offered several options for me to consider.
I felt very comfortable during my appointment.
Great service and the staff was extremely friendly and understanding as well.
I was in and out with no problem.
There is NO direct line to contact her, only an operator to direct your call to the appropriate voicemail box.
Her staff is unknowledgeable and a few illegal activities went on in the Lancaster office that I witnessed, but am not to discuss here.
OVERALL, it's a terrible practice.
I have since switched doctors.
I really like the doctors at this location.
Very personable and listen to what you have to say.
I had a small billing issue and the office staff was able to resolve it immediately and were very nice about it.
If there is ever an OBGYN issue, I would recommend going to her clinic because they will work with you on it.
I'll be recommending them to my friends and family.
We were referred here for my mother who had to get some things checked out and Dr Dharma was attentive and fun and tried to make the best of everything by putting a positive vibe toward the whole situation.
I know we shouldn't have but we were laughing so hard and I think it helped my mom feel a bit less mortified during the check up.
She is conservative old soul so she feels uncomfortable when it comes to these things but I think it helped her be at ease.
Everyone was super sweet and nice and I recommend this office for All WOMEN.
I love her clinic I am sad to see a bad review.
The review I saw was regarding a doctor I have never heard of.
So I am thinking they were confused.
I would recommend Dr Dharma to anyone.
She is amazing.
She really cares.
Would recommend to family and friends.
The people here are so caring and helpful.
I am highly satisfied with my experience.
I highly recommend the wonderful women, staff and Doctors working at this facility.
I was treated with respect and more than once while in the waiting room was asked how we (me and the other patients waiting) were doing making sure everyone was ok.
I love Women's Clinic.
 I see the midwives.
They are all extremely knowledgeable and help me with every concern or question that I have.
 Dr Dharma delivered my baby and it was the most amazing experience.
 She was so caring the entire time and made me feel very comfortable and did everything possible to make sure my needs were being met.
 I am now pregnant again and I am happy that I am in such good hands.
 I truly appreciate this office and recommend them to all of my friends and family.
Excellent practice.
Dr Dharma delivered my last child and was the absolute best.
Staff is friendly and they always seem to go above and beyond for their patients.
And also her staff helped us understand our insurance benefits for our pregnancy and she was ever so helpful.
The lady at the front desk always greeted us with a smile, she is a great addition to the front desk.
I would definitely recommend this practice.
I have volunteered with this clinic for a year before earning my RN and am overjoyed because I have been on staff with them ever since.
What a loving, caring, honest, compassionate group of counselors, nurses, and volunteers.
I would certainly recommend this center to anyone seeking more information about pregnancy.
The best place to be once you suspect you are pregnant.
I have become great friends with Dr Rachel Dharma.
She has always been there when I just need an ear.
The best OBGYN a woman can ever have.
When dealing with Dr Dharma it's like talking to a family member or friend.
She guarantees that her work will meet all your needs, and in fact it does.
I was so nervous for this pregnancy due to complications in the past, but Dr Dharma reassured my worries and stay on top of my health,If you need an OBGYN doctor in Dallas, Dr Dharma is the right person for you because she is very experienced and knowledgeable.
 You never know whats truly going on until you look at everything, and for me thats what she did.
And she was constantly available for my questions.
This is an amazing gift to the community.
This is what changes lives.
I had the opportunity to tour their facility and it brought me to tears.
What has been done here with the goal to extend capable arms of healing and hope to women in dire need, is extraordinary.
It should be modeled in communities across America.
World class care.
Very professional and welcoming staff even had great sense of humor for such a difficult time.
I would recommend this clinic to anyone who's really in need.
Dr Dharma was awesome very informative and attentive to clients.
Overall great visit.
Went smoothly.
And the bad reviews on here are clearly from people who are against this clinic because of what it does I bet they never stepped foot inside.
Don't listen to them.
Went here for my first baby.
Saw Dr Kala Dharma and she was amazing.
She was my personal favorite.
My delivery was done by her and my husband and mom were in love with the way she performed the entire procedure.
She was very precise.
Had very little postpartum pain.
Making appointments and rescheduling them was very easy and convenient.
Highly recommend this Office.
Thanks to all the doctors and nurses who diagnosed and treated me appropriately.
I had an awesome experience with the staff at her Clinic.
Everyone was extremely friendly, encouraging, and helpful.
They offer classes and support groups that I am very excited to start attending.
They are a great resource if you do not have a doctor right away and/or if this is your first pregnancy.
Will recommend them to anyone pregnant or think they are with child.
Wonderful practice.
I have been seeing Dr Dharma for close to 8 years.
She is a wonderful, caring, and competent doctor.
Her medical assistant is wonderful, too, and never fails to call me back.
I've always tried to keep insurance accepted by this practice because I refuse to go anywhere else.
A fantastic place to go if you need a place that is nonjudgmental, super friendly almost as if it's a family environment, they treat you like they known you for years.
They genuinely care about you and your needs.
When I take the classes I have to bring my kids and they are so good with them.
They play with him, hold him so I can enjoy and focus on the classes I'm taking.
I would HIGHLY recommend them to anyone that needs a little extra help at times.
I couldn't wait to get home in order to write a review on this center.
They were ABSOLUTELY amazing.
I've never felt so at ease in any establishment even when making a decision such as the one I had to make.
You already beat yourself up you don't want to come to the place you choose and feel beat up even more.
I almost had a favorite staff member but after being there two days in a row they all became my favorite staff members.
My experience was exceptional.
I didn't have to wait a long time to be seen, staff was efficient and took care of me as well as answered all of my questions.
The rooms were sanitized and clean and the actual process was quick.
In less than a half hour I was ready to go.
It has been a real pleasure getting to know the folks here over the years.
Everyone I've met here has been lovely.
Everyone here truly has the best interests of clients at heart and wants to do all they can to create a supportive and non-judgmental atmosphere.
Women's Clinic is truly a positive force in the community.
I want to thank the entire staff at Women's Clinic.
They made a VERY scary situation as good as it could have been.
It was very busy in the clinic when I arrived but the nurses handled everything and everyone with grace, humor, efficiency, and ease.
Dr Dharma helped me a lot and everyone was so nice and caring.
Always friendly, fast service & considerate.
Thank you again.
Smiling faces and warmth of compassion from the staff makes the experience not as bad as you anticipated, So for me and my experience I would like to thank and commend the staff that work here everyday and also having to have courage to support women in this difficult time.
The Dr was amazing and very helpful the nurses very nice and supportive the woman at the front desk welcoming and polite.
I am very grateful for people that still have a good heart and are there for women in need.
I can tell she loves what she does and that's pretty awesome.
I am having my first child and was very uncomfortable and nervous about everything but she helped me get over the nervousness, gave me tons of information, and also made me feel extremely comfortable.
The ladies at the front desk are very friendly as well and seem to care about me and my soon to be daughter.
I would recommend their office to anyone looking for a professional and great experience.
Women's Clinic of St Francis Ave, Dallas is by far the best OBGYN practice I have ever been to.
The staff are so friendly and helpful.
It's always clean and nice inside, the doctors are the best that there is.
I would not go anywhere else.
Very understanding and compassionate and great customer service Dharma was an angel.
Thank you for taking such good care of me and making sure I was ok.
I had a great experience here.
Very smooth, friendly nurses, thorough process and direction to follow.
They talk to you about everything and give you many options.
The staff is friendly and the office is very clean.
I would definitely recommend coming here if you need a check up or looking for affordable birth control.
Seriously the best Doctors that I've ever seen.
I really trust them and they ALWAYS make me feel comfortable.
Never had an issue with them.
I love the fact that they have different Doctors that you can see.
Honestly I haven't seen one that I haven't liked and within the past 3 years, I've seen different Doctors in their office multiple times (throughout pregnancy) and I've loved them all.
I will refer anyone I know that is looking for an OB to them.
These women are so helpful.
They are always very kind and welcoming and very easy to talk to and get along with.
I've been to other OBGYNs all over the country and none have been so kind and caring.
There office is clean and comfortable and you will feel at ease from check in to check out.
Highly recommend.
I have dealt with this clinic for many years for my pregnancy 's and I will not go anywhere else.
They are always on top of things and always listen and care about my concerns.
They know my history and my family history and they always seem to be on top of it as soon as I come in.
Dr Dharma has delivered both my girls and she is so nice and sweet.
I went here one morning, I walked in an hour before they were closing.
I was accommodated and got what I came in to do.
I have never met a more friendly, caring, and genuine staff.
They did everything they could to make me more comfortable and lighten my mood.
They were the best medical staff I have ever encountered and I highly recommend this location to anyone seeking any care they offer.
I am so pleased with the staff and doctors here.
Every time I go everyone is friendly and so prompt.
Dr Dharma is excellent, so far she is the best I have been to.
I feel comfortable with her and she is personable yet professional.
If you're looking for a practice where every doctor you see genuinely cares about you, this is definitely the place.
I have received the best care here under Dr Dharma.
The nurses were so nice while I was there during my very first delivery.
She listens to all my concerns and puts my health first.
I love the front desk staff, their always happy and very helpful.
I don't know how far along I am they have given me 3 different due dates, one for sure is just not a possibility.
So I'm somewhere around 35 weeks, have never seen the Dr and literally had to hold on to the nurse to keep her in the room to ask her questions.
Last time I checked pregnancy was not an infinite condition.
It's just sad and disappointing.
Dr Dharma is the best OBGYN I have ever had.
She surrounds herself with the best helpers.
They are all like family and extremely professional.
She helped me in my later years with a hysterectomy which saved my life.
I would have loved to have had her in my baby making years.
She is golden.
This Women's Clinic helps so many young girls and women like me.
Not only do they provide free medical pregnancy verification, they help girls that are panicking about their unplanned pregnancy by providing the education needed and the information needed.
The clinic is very inviting.
It's a safe place to ask questions and share fears.
An unplanned pregnancy is very scary, and lonely, but the nurses at this clinic help with all of the unanswered questions.
She is very intelligent and always explains everything in detail so you don't leave feeling confused.
Her bedside manner is also fantastic which is usually something you don't get when you find a doctor as informative and knowledgeable as she.
You can really tell she cares about the well being of her patients and wants to help with any issues you are having.
I am so happy to have found this office because she is a really awesome OBGYN doctor.
I went to Women's Clinic of St Francis Ave, in Dallas for an ultrasound and I couldn't believe the service I received.
The staff was so sweet and caring; they made me feel extremely comfortable.
I would recommend this place to anyone.
Women's Clinic has provided the best support and help during my pregnancy.
I have been going to them since I was 4 weeks pregnant and am now 26 weeks, as of yesterday.
If it were not for this organization I would have been uninformed and confused about health care, pregnancy and a lot of what I was experiencing physically very early in my pregnancy.
Their staff is AMAZING.
They are kind, attentive and make you feel like family.
I received great care from this facility.
I absolutely love this practice.
The care and concern they show towards my abdominal pain is exactly what I wanted and what I wasn't receiving from my last OBGYN - who I had been seeing for 11 years and delivered all 3 of my children.
This office is the change I needed when it comes to my healthcare.
I would highly recommend Women's Clinic to anyone.
I am very glad that I found this place.
All the staff show an unconditional love.
I love this place.
I cannot but always thank the lady that introduced Women Clinic to me.
This place is a place where you can get hope.
Being a first time mom, full of so many questions in my heart, I got all the answers from this clinic.
And at this clinic, they have caring staff and they are unconditional loving.
I have been to several OBGYN over the years with symptoms that went undiagnosed.
My neighbor has been a long time patient of Dr Dharma and suggested that I see her to talk about my ongoing symptoms.
I could not be happier-almost 8 years of suffering from these symptoms.
I have been on medication to control the symptoms and my quality of life has improved beyond words.
I appreciate Dr Dharma's patience and understanding with me.
I am very grateful for her and would highly recommend her to everyone I know.
Dr Dharma and her staff are friendly and professional.
They provide exceptional health care and always address any questions that I may have.
I recently had a baby and was pleased with the labor and delivery experience.
Dr Dharma made this a positive, memorable experience.
I would certainly recommend Women's Clinic to other women in Dallas Texas.
I felt very welcomed walking in.
Dharma does an excellent job at getting you settled in and making you feel like a priority.
She is very supportive and the nurses also made me feel like they cares about ME.
The place is very well decorated and relaxing.
All of their services are absolutely wonderful.
Highly recommend for anyone feeling scared about being pregnant if they need somebody to talk to.
Great service.
The staff is amazing in every respect.
They are so welcoming and listen to what's on your mind.
The moment I walked in, you can feel the love,This is a place that is filled with love and support.
Please if you are pregnant, whether you are filled with joy, fear, or confusion this is the place for you.
Especially first time mothers.
This clinic offers a program with a huge support system.
It offers educational classes at the center.
Ask for Dr Dharma if your are scared, or confused she is such a humble genuine spirit.
I've been to the Women's Clinic center a few times for a few different reasons.
The staff has always been pleasant and extremely supportive of my needs.
On one occasion I went for a general women's exam that included STD's, HIV.
It was covered by my insurance and all the clinicians were friendly and clearly experts in their field.
I had a few questions and at one point 3 people were in the room providing suggestions, resources and recommendations.
Thank you for your time and care.
I have been going to see the doctors at Women's Clinic for 5 years and love the experience.
My daughter and my niece are now patients too, and they are very happy.
We like the personal attention, the professionalism, the atmosphere, the kindness, the thoroughness -- I could go on and on.
I have had a couple of treatments by Dr Dharma and have been thrilled with the results.
I recommend Dr Dharma and the Women's Clinic to all women looking for OBGYN care physician who really cares about them.
Dr Dharma is a great doctor.
She was recommended to me and I am very grateful.
She has a great bedside manner and a kind spirit.
She puts her patients first and that's what matters.
staff was all nice and the Dr Was straight to the point, loved that.
Never had to wait too long each time I've been which is a huge plus.
Can't say enough good things about Dr Dharma and her entire staff.
What they do is simply a miracle.
They are truly there to help, and make you feel informed and comfortable through the process.
Would recommend to everyone.
Dr Dharma is the most compassionate, kind, thorough, diligent, practical, well-read and open-minded physician that I have ever interacted with.
She sees each patient as an individual with unique needs and circumstances and explains options in a patient, careful and educational manner.
She is an advocate for women and a dedicated doctor.
I highly recommend her.
Women Clinic is an awesome place to go if you need help.
I also found each and every one of the staff members extremely helpful and supportive.
I've been coming here for years.
Exceptional service.
I wouldn't go anywhere else.
Thanks for always being there for me and our community.
I can't say enough good things about Dr Dharma.
I have been a patient at this practice for many years.
The last baby that I delivered there, is in fact now an adult, and also sees women Clinic for her feminine needs.
I had traditionally been a regular patient of Dr Dharma; however, their policy dictates that all patients see and become familiar with every doctor at the practice while pregnant, because you never know which doctor will be on call when you go into labor.
Personally I would highly recommend this practice to anyone looking for an OB/GYN who puts their their babies, and their interests first.
I have had a lot of different OBGYN doctors in my life.
This experience was like none else.
I felt safe, comfortable, listened to, and cared about.
It is really amazing to have a doctor care to show you how to naturally make it work, instead of always offering prescriptions for things that may not need it, I felt that they weren't afraid to dig into what was going on with my body and figure out the real issues with me and how to properly go about getting them on the right track.
I am so at peace with this doctor and I'm so happy that I found them.
Love this group.
Dedicated & professional from the receptionist to the doctors themselves.
This group was recommended to me by my friend many years ago.
I have been guided by this group (specifically the Dallas office) throughout the years in making important healthcare decisions.
I have always been treated with respect and have left my appointments feeling positive.
Now my owns daughters are clients here.
Strongly recommend.
They where so nice and helped with everything I needed to know about being pregnant and with any needs the baby might have.
It's greatly appreciated help that you rarely find these days.
This place rocks.
Dr Dharma is my favorite, BUT I have seen everyone.
They delivered both of my babies.
Dr Dharma fixed me up after the birth of my son (my last baby) and I am back on my pre baby self again.
My husband and I couldn't be happier.
They have gone above and beyond to keep me healthy.
I always feel important and feel these Doctorsr's truly care about my health.
I could go on and on about this practice.
Run, don't walk to this place.
I saw Dr Dharma for the first time and was very happy with her.
She took time to answer my questions and made me feel very comfortable,This office is the change I needed when it comes to my healthcare.
I would highly recommend Women's Clinic to anyone.
My friend recommended this ob/gyn office and said that she just loves them.
I am also very impressed with this facility.
The office is very spacious with large windows and it made a good first impression.
The staff was very friendly and professional and it was easy to make an appointment.
The wait time was maybe ten minutes at the most.
I was seen by Dr Rachel Dharma.
Dr Dharma was amazing.
I am glad that I found this place.
Highly recommended.
1st time visiting the women's clinic and I love the pleasant experience.
They made me feel comfortable, the process was fast and easy.
 Friendly staff.
Over all best experience definitely recommend it.
I don't know about any of the other doctors but I have to say that Dr Rechel Dharma is the best doctor I've ever been too.
She's very hands on and answers any of my questions.
She also tells me everything I need to know.
Very soft spoken and nice.
She delivered my first child and will be with my 2nd one on the way.
I highly recommend going to her.
The staff at women's clinic are fantastic.
Due to health insurance complications, I was in between OBGYN providers, so I set up an appointment at this clinic.
I had an amazing experience that confirmed that I was pregnant with my second baby.
I highly recommend this professional and friendly staff, as they are ready to answer any questions or concerns.
I hope anyone who ever needs anything or has any questions to contact women's clinic.
I'm glad I did.
I saw Dr Dharma for my pre-natal care with my fourth baby (so I've seen a few OB/GYNs in my day).
She was fantastic.
She was so good at listening to and addressing my concerns instead of blowing them off.
I really can't say enough good things, I highly recommend her and this office.
Excellent treatment, satisfactory service, very helpful.
I love Women's Clinic.
I've gone here for two to three years, and my doctor is Dr Dharma.
She's nice, knowledgeable, and fast (a huge plus, as anyone who's ever gotten a Pap smear knows).
I've found everyone I've interacted with at Women's Clinic to be professional and kind.
I've never been pregnant so I can't speak to their midwives, but I've never had a bad experience here.
Just figured I'd leave a shout-out, because it's so hard to find a good ob-gyn.
I switched to women's clinic after giving birth to my first child and having a horrible experience with another practice.
I could not be happier with the entire practice and the service I have received through my last 2 pregnancies.
Always available to help and answer questions.
I came to Women's Clinic when I was 5 1/2 months pregnant after having a horrible experience with a previous ob/gyn office.
And over the course of my pregnancy I have had a wonderful experience with this office.
The staff is friendly, caring, and informative.
Most the staff know me by name and greet me when they see me, making me feel at home.
Dr Dharma is wonderful.
She listens to you and answers all your questions as if you are the only patient on the office.
I feel I have got the best care possible here and would go anywhere else.
Great doctor she is very helpful and understanding.
She also is very knowledgeable and explains everything to you.
She goes to the extra mile to fit your needs.
i love this doctor.
The wait was a little long but once I got to the back of the office the sonogram lady was very nice and the counselors were extremely nice.
I was nervous going in but they made me very comfortable.
Everyone I came in contact with was nice.
I wouldn't want to see them again under the circumstances but I sure do love their practice.
Nice and clean place.
Positive energy positive vibes.
keep it up.
I am in my first pregnancy and I decided to go to the women's clinic.
They have helped me get on my feet and start getting what I need to get done.
Dr Dharma was wonderful, kind, and motivating.
She gives you lots of info and the counselor was so kind and helpful.
She really makes you feel at ease with your pregnancy.
I plan on returning there for help in the future and I would recommend them to any pregnant woman.
Amazing, professional staff, comfortable and caring atmosphere, and incredibly convenient location in downtown Dallas.
Loved this clinic and there services to me.
Nice and welcoming.
I have never felt so loved walking into a clinic.
Some of the ladies there should truly be primary care doctors, need more caring people like them.
Definitely I will recommend the Women's Clinic of Dallas.
Women's Clinic has taken care of me for years.
They have delivered both of my babies and provide me routine OBGYN care.
I wouldn't dream of going anywhere else.
The providers and staff are so caring and professional, and the wait time is very reasonable.
I recommend them to everyone I know.
This is a great place to go to for all types of support and help.
The parenting classes are great and the staff is very friendly.
I find that if I ever have questions or concerns about being a new mother I can turn to the center for the answers and support I need.
I recommend everyone consider visiting.
They have a lot to offer.
i thought that staff was nice, she was very helpful and ansered all my questions.
I have been a patient of Dr Dharma for many years.
She has always provide me with excellent and compassionate care.
So glad that a nurse recommend this office.
Thank you so much for everything.
Words can not describe how difficult this whole situation has been for me until I went to Women's Clinic of St Francis Ave, Dallas, TX.
Women's Clinic offered me total support and I am so happy now.
I don't know what I would've done without their counseling, help, and resources.
Thank you so much.
And God given energy to do good.
He certainly has the calling.
What a gift to all of us.
my sister goes to him because she is epalptic and he is greaty.
he has been handling her since she was 5 years old.
he is a great neuroligist.
What's there to say - this doctor knows his stuff and sorts you out.
The rest is irrelevant.
Really wouldn't mind the energy he has.
The waiting is the waiting.
Seeing the best is the sacrifice we make.
The charges are really crazy and its not really worth it.
Have to wait in hours long ques for a 10 min appointment, the staff are extremely unhelpful and VERY impolite.
 Also dont expect any after care service.
Having worked and lived in many parts of the world including North America and Europe can only say one thing: Prof IS the BEST in the world from my experience.
Prof does not make enough time to speak with his patients but is well knowledgeable about this field.
My experience with the Prof has been excellent.
He knows his story.
Big up to my Prof..
I have been with him for years.
There is no question on the abilities of this Professor.
He is simply amazing.
Makes it all easy to understand.
To top it all he is warm and has a great sense of humor with a wonderful bedside manner.
I sat waiting many hours and was never disappointed.
Just by the way more than half the patients that he sees are clearly pro bono.
I was diagnosed by Doctor Modi.
He is very good and very professional.
If he is good, he is very busy and one must try and understand this.
Prof Modi may make you wait but after having been to 4 other neurologists who told me to live with my condition, (which meant not being able to get out of bed because of headspins) he helped.
I still have headspins, life is still not what it was but at least I can function sporadically.
He is straight, no nonsense and I trust him with my life.
He has a great sense of humor which makes injection time always a lot more tolerable.
Every person I have recommended him to has nothing but the best to say about him.
He is worth the wait, however irritating it may be.
Definitely the best.
For those of us unfortunate to have serious neurological issues this is the doctor to see.
Simplifies and analyses the problem with tremendous skill.
Works incredibly hard with long long hours and yet so energised.
Need to find his secret.
After 3 years of pain and suffering and been horribly misdiagnosed by a neurosurgeon.
Proff told us within 5 min what my problem was.
He is absolutely amazing and so knowledgeable.
I am so grateful to be one of his patients.
Thanks Proff what an amazing dr you are and so dedicated to your job.
Prof Modi, amazing most dedicated in helping people, Long hours, and still has his smile and humour, Keep up the good work.
Terrible level of professionalism, order, punctuality and system.
Diagnosis spot on.
Staff pathetic, every single one of them.
Dr and staff running around like headless chickens treating 10 patients simultaneously.
Rather focus on ONE patient at a time for an hour at a time, that way he will be able to make appointments and stick to them.
Unacceptable to make a patient wait for 5 hours.
Have a serious problem of your nervous system like I did and you will know just how way above the rest he is.
 He is the consummate neurologist.
Absolutely brilliant & well respected.
This guy has God given super intellect.
People travel from everywhere to see this doctor.
His room is full of different nations.
Most impressive.
The patients all swear by him.
Most say I was very impressed.
Worth the wait.
The neurologist other neurologists refer to when they are stuck.
My son has a very rare illness and Prof Modi persevered to find the best medication.
If my son has a bad seizure I drive him straight to dr Modi and wait maybe 6 hours to be seen and EEG's taken and after some hours get the chance to talk to Dr  With other neurologists you have to make an appointment 3 months in advance to be seen.
What a differerence?
In 2011,I fell more than 7 metres to the ground in an accident when a zipliner strap detached the moment i started sliding.
 That was the beginning of my back problems.
 In 2013, Proffesor Modi helped me so much.
A good doctor is priceless.
Nothing more needs be said.
Prof is by far the best good doctor there is.
Have to agree.
This is my doctor.
The best there is.
 Gave me my life and legs back.
So my dear Prof ignore the nonsense if you do read all this.
 Thank you.
I am so sick and tired of waiting 5 - 8 hours for him.
 There is NO system in place.
 When u get to see him at last.
he has no empathy or sympathy at all.
 He is there just to make money - Loads of it, and he isn't worth it.
 After years he couldn't fix my headaches, and I just found that he misdiagnosed me with Epilepsy.
Shocking money grabber who crams in as many patients as he can.
Wrong diagnosis and a waste of money.
Medical Council found in my favour - he cannot charge people for treatment unless he has consent.
Wake up Modi and get a conscience.
Truly outstanding and what good bedside manner.
 Very very knowledgeable and draws these diagrams to explain.
Also very gentle and kind.
But what energy - must be god given.
 The waiting is a pain but entertaining with a united nation of Africa in it.
I met patients from Angola, Mozambique and the DRC.
And of course from all parts of SA.
Thank you Professor for giving me the strength and courage and support to fight my fibromyalgia.
How does this website allow such inflammatory and legally challenging statements to be posted.
Prof as the previous text states we all apologise on behalf of this individual and pray he or she gets the help needed.
Prof you are indeed our House.
only more humble and unassuming, yet brilliantly on point.
Seriously despicable and unfair post.
Prof works at the Brenthurst clinic in Hillbrow and not Sandton.
Anyway he has cured so manty of us from terrible headaches and paralysis and strokes that he is blessed a million times over.
Definitely the on point neurologist.
Best in the country no doubt.
The nonsense said is expected when you that good.
The only issue is he is busy and you do have to wait.
To see the best how bad is that.
He is the best - no question.
Waiting is an issue but then so it is.
Finest diagnostician ever.
Listens and then works out the issues.
You leave with a firm diagnosis and logical treatment plan all written for you as he speaks.
Really wonderful and then you forgive the wait.
Have known Prof forever.
He has been my doctor from when the time when I was so ill in ICU I would have died if not for him.
My very best Prof..
Prof has been my doctor for many years and I have never seen him being unkind to anyone.
He opens doors for his patients.
He wheelchairs the patients himself.
This is all done by a professor.
He is so humble and down to earth.
He never complains or shouts at any one.
He is the best there is for sure.
Prof G Modi is fantastic, very patient and helpful, diagnosed my daughter on the first day we saw him, he has really helped and would gladly recommend him to anyone looking for a neurologist, he is simply the best.
Please don't go after the bad reviews written about him on the internet, you have to consult with him in order to experience his care.
Prof you are the best.
Thank you for helping me.
I am walking better day by day.
If it were not for you I would still be in a wheelchair.
I thank you in my prayers each day.
You are nothing short of marvelous- our own miracle man.
At the time of my posting on 24 November 2018 I was highly upset as I felt that Professor Modi was not assisting my mother as she was still suffering with terrible migraines, but after him properly explaining this time to my brother that it would take some time for her migraines to be controlled, I now have hope that he may well be able to assist her.
I think the main issue was him not communicating properly and me thinking that after a couple of visits to him she would no longer be in pain.
Prof is the number 1 rated neurologist for good reason.
He saved my mother's life and we are eternally grateful.
Thanks for who you are - hard working, committed and a dedicated professional.
I too had cluster migraines and I have to say the injections of Professor Modi worked brilliantly.
I too went to the headache clinic where I paid 120 000 - and it didn't work.
So really this is cheap.
I was recommended to Prof Modi by several other cluster migraine sufferers who remain his loyal patients and I am one of those now.
He was 3 hours late.
Staff did not contact me to reschedule.
He lacks empathy.
Has a great ego and does not listen to you.
Charges over R1000 for 5 minutes.
I hope I never have to depend on him.
An example of a doctor who feels he is beyond reproach.
He is worth every single minute you wait in his waiting rooms.
The best of the  whole group of neuros in the country.
So you wait but then you get answers and treatment that no one else comes close to.
He is really a cool guy and very down to earth.
 Works crazy hours and smiles even in rounds at 10 pm.
Prof is amazing, He helped me and continuously  does so and is extremely dedicated to making me better.
He is honestly the best.
This last posting is clearly from a very unhappy person.
This person either got the wrong doctor here or what.
Prof G Modi the neurologist is nothing like this post describes.
If he were well then you wouldn't see the queues would you.
People wait hours for this brilliant doctor and there's good reason for that.
Poor postings like this take nothing away from our genuinely outstanding doctor.
I cant thank you enough Prof not only for your expertise which is exceptional but also your ability to understand your patients.
Truly an outstanding specialist.
Excellent doctor, but very badly run.
Expect to wait up to 7 hours even with an appointment.
Might be worth it, depending on circumstances.
Waited for a long time.
No one complained.
In fact all his regular patients encouraged me to stay and the words worth the wait were repeated frequently.
And after the consultation I realized why so many patients wait.
This prof is certainly worth the wait.
He has done for me what I've been searching for over 3 years.
I feel relieved and thankful.
A five star doctor.
tbis doctor is lookin for money more than curing people.
Truthfully the only T word one can use for Prof is Terrific.
Nothing else needs to be said.
Thanks Prof and don't read what the twits say.
I have been with Prof Modi since i was a child, all grown up.
He is the best doctor.
Whatever knowledge this doctor has is eclipsed by his lack of care and consideration for his patients.
Giving a patient an appointment for 14:30 and getting them to wait for 3.5 hours is not an indication of a smart and educated professional who cares for his patients.
had to wait 2 hours for him but was worth it - my vision is back.
What a doctor - patient, kind and gentle.
Didn't even feel the lumbar puncture.
Works long hours but never stops smiling and always listens.
Brilliant doctor with a great sense of humility and warmth.
Agree with last rating - I am from Maputo and I pray we eventually have doctors like the Professor in my country.
There is no question on the abilities of this Professor.
He is simply amazing.
Makes it all easy to understand.
To top it all he is warm and has a great sense of humor with a wonderful bedside manner.
I sat waiting many hours and was never disappointed.
Just by the way more than half the patients that he sees are clearly pro bono.
Calling our dearest Prof an idiot is sad.
We all apologize on behalf of this complete fool whose facts are all muddled.
Shame pin you, you pathetic ignorant coward.
Thank you prof for always being there for us.
What an amazing doctor - I am walking when everyone said I wouldn't.
Thank you dear Professor.
My Creatine kinase is almost normal.
Thank you a million times.
The last text is obviously by an incredibly ignorant and envious person.
Please ignore if you do read.
You are our doctor and most certainly the best.
Have to agree Prof Modi is a really good doctor.
In spite of him being so very busy he gives us all his patients the comfort we need and makes us all special.
Knows all his patients by name.
 Thank you Professor for being who you are to all of us.
Boundless energy and smiles even at 10 pm.
He must share the secret.
Outstanding clinician.
Makes time to talk to families of patients late in the evening without fuss.
This is really admirable.
He has a definite calling here.
And to top it all he makes you better.
Ego maniac of note- arrogant and poor bedside manner.
Only interested in billing.
Wish I could give a -100 rating.
Sat for well over 3 hours waiting.
Unprofessional does not explain the practice well enough.
Waited for over 5 hours just to find out he had no time waste of my tims.
No doubt the best there is.
Skip the nonsense written and go see him if you have an issue that no one can solve.
He works crazy hours and sorts things out and always with a smile.
Certainly the wait can be a problem but then he sees you, simplifies everything and gives you the solution you need.
You forget you waited.
A true doctor of note.
Professor Modi is just simply an amazing human being.
Our dear Professor - thank you for healing us and always being there.
Intelligent doctor with a great sense of humility and warmth,knows all his patients by name.
My headaches are gone.
My life is back.
I even smile now.
Thank you my dear Professor.
outstanding doctor, the guy to go to when the rest fail.
This doctor Prof is so busy it's crazy.
I need his energy.
And so very kind and talks and smiles all the time.
Like the others say just amazing.
A few facts: when you see The good prof you must be prepared to wait.
Prof will tell you exactly what's wrong and what will help.
You will get better.
He is very clever and quick.
He does not indulge.
He is comforting but only if you have one of those very bad diseases.
You will absolutely love him.
A genuinely brilliant doctor, a bit eccentric but god given intellect and energy.
When a person is the best at what they do there will always be envy.
Prof is the most caring knowledgeable and is just the best.
Nothing more needs to said.
All it takes to confirm why he is so busy is to see the patients who wait to be treated by him.
A master of the game.
People come from far and wide, from all over the world to seek a diagnosis from Professor Modi.
And for good reason.
Fantastic Neurologist with a great bedside manner.
You'll have to wait quite a while in his waiting rooms, as you should to see the country's top neurologist.
Ah what a good guy - many thanks for fixing my back and neck dear doctor Modi.
Love your style and cool personality.
I really was struggling and thanks to you I feel like seriously great.
Have a great holiday - you really deserve it.
This is a very clever doctor.
Dealt with my issues simply breaking everything down to easily understandable levels and answered all my Dr Google questions.
To top it all I am recovering from my fibromyalgia which everyone said in untreatable.
Many thank Prof..
Prof just does it so easily and with such energy and knowledge it's awesome.
The waiting room is full of people speaking so highly of him you just know you in the right place.
Well as they all said it's true he fixed my headaches and my fibro is better than it has ever been.
Am going to find what he is taking one way or another.
God bless this prof..
This is the worst doctor I've ever been to.
He was too lazy and selfish to even bother doing the proper tests.
He was dismissive, condescending, arrogant and cruel.
Patients should not be made to feel ashamed for needing medical help.
Professor Modi is the hardest working and most humane doctor there is.
He is focused, makes diagnosis quickly and simply and is gifted with  amazing knowledge and energy.
He simplifies things and explains why with his incredible diagrams that are like works of art - so very valuable.
Deepest respect for this man.
Must agree with previous rating.
I come and see Prof every 6 months from Malawi and thank goodness for him.
Am amazing doctor.
Overcharges and bills for things not done via medical aid.
Good but expect daylight robbery.
Emptying your hand bag with a smile and you thank him after.
Lacks empathy.
He is the best - when you really need a neurologist see Prof Modi.
He is always positive and will find solutions where all the others have failed.
Yes - must agree definitely the neuro to go to when in trouble.
The others all refer to him when they don't know.
Happened to me so I'm very grateful.
Even prof can't please everybody all the time.
Still want to know what he takes to work like he does with such much energy and even when under pressure still smiles and chats - truly amazing.
So terrible and traumatic that I don't even want to describe how he treated me.
Need not say more, I have been with him since 1996 without fail, he's never disappointed, been to the worst neurologists that I could not look forward to seeing them, but with him there's light in the room when ever he is there.
I will for ever be grateful to him, he deserves a Bells, one call to him and you are happy, always have time for each and every patient of his, even his staff knows how to treat patients they understand the nature of illnesses they work with, as one of the neuritis diagnosed patient I will never stop his treatment.
This wait that people complain of is just petty.
The man is busy unfortunately and gives his time to each patient generously.
I've experienced personally his care and it is amazing.
I would still be struggling to walk if it was not for Prof..
He is kind and compassionate for sure.
So like most of his patients say the wait is certainly worth it.
For those of you who can't go elsewhere and settle for second best.
What a great human being.
Waiting seemed forever but then when I saw him and we discussed everything I felt so relieved and so comfortable that I was with a doctor - a real doctor.
He is warm with a naughty sense if humor but just simply brilliant in his diagnostic skills.
I am so glad my friend referred me to him.
Thank you my beste professor.
These irate outbursts of the few disgruntled are in poor taste but take away nothing from the prof we all know and dearly love.
His abilities are the reason his rooms are alway buzzing and so we will wait happily.
When you see the kind of patients he treats it is really a humbling experience.
Prof you rock and let's ignore these irritating ungrateful sods.
Poor bedside manner big ego and badly run.
He is meant to be a good diagnostics dr but one needs to be comfortable.
Will remind you how good he is.
I have yet to see a busier doctor with so much skill, ability and energy.
Works with a smile even at 10 pm at nite.
Gives solutions in diagrams that make it so simple you wonder why the others struggle so much.
God bless you Professor and thank you for dedicating your life to us your patients.
God bless your family for being understanding.
Have a well deserved holiday.
He is very knowledgeable but doesn't have much time for his patients.
This doctor is certainly a level above the ordinary.
He is extremely busy and sees numerous patients who all are so happy to wait.
I've never seen anything like it.
He has this boundless energy that others spoke of which is quite a marvel and certainly amazing.
He remains calm throughout and is always smiling.
I even asked what his happy pill was and he just laughed.
On a serious note he is as sharp as a razor in his skill and most importantly fixed my headache.
what a wonderful doctor.
Been seeing the good professor for more than 10 years.
First he sorted out my headaches and now my memory issues.
No better diagnostician.
Very calm and very energized.
Works like a 20 year old with warm humor and warm personality.
Don't read the nonsense - this is the best neurologist in the country.
Such a good person.
Was so happy that our child is now talking.
Thanks to him but he took no credit and said we should go to church and thank the good Lord for blessing us.
You are so great and we are so lucky to have you.
You a truly a miracle doctor.
Great doctor, great person, wouldn't go anywhere else.
The only true 5 star neurologist.
Love him or not - he is the best.
Will always fix what the others can't.
Very cool personality.
Always smiles even during ward rounds at 10 pm.
Unbelievable energy.
Dear Prof thank you so much for going the full mile to help me with my MS..
Btw the program in health talk was  brilliant as usual.
You keep looking so good - God must look after you for us.
We are so grateful to have you as our doctor.
Definitely the best I've been to - taught all the others and still sorts out their mistakes.
The rating of the 4 September on our dear Prof is in serious bad taste.
Will not change what we his patients think of him.
He has done so much good and saved so many of us it is really upsetting to read this.
Prof this person is extremely jealous of you - perhaps one of your colleagues or maybe a person with a severe mental disorder.
Another idiot who reviewed our good professor without thought and full of unfair prejudice.
Hope you find your wonderful neurologist.
You don't deserve Prof and so good riddance to you.
Prof is the humblest doctor we have ever met and are his patients for more than 10 years.
The best ever and the best there will ever be.
Hope you didn't work late again.
Just a quick note to say thank you.
Remain blessed and please look after your self.
We  your patients need you.
Prof saved my life, when I arrived at the hospital I had seen many Neurologists and they all could not help but he could and this was four years ago and to this day I still see him and its because of him that I am well.
Prof you the best - we all your patients for many years know that too well.
We are used to the wait and it's actually good fun as we meet and talk to each other and get lots done while we wait for your wisdom.
But truthfully you need to tell us where this energy and ability comes from and 30 years on you look the same.
All the best our dear forever young and clever professor.
Thank you for being who you are.
My life has changed because of you.
Absolute idiot.
Complete crook.
Illegally owns the MRI machine and sends inappropriate referrals.
There are neurologists and then there is Prof..
No more needs to be said.
If you have a real Neurological problem then see him and he will make you better.
This doctor changed my life.
Sure, you wait to see Prof Modi.
Sometimes hours at a time.
But he is worth absolutely every second of that wait.
There is something to be said for a specialist who, when you're suffering, says come in now, and I will see you by the end of the day.
No three month wait, TODAY.
Work with Prof Modi and he will work with you.
I wouldn't be here today without him, he saved me and I am eternally grateful for the man he is.
Prof is very knowledgeable, he is compassionate, empathetic and caring.
He is really in demand, so patience is required.
His consultation is costly but worth it, he's helpful and is God truly sent.
Prof you helped my child while he was 6 years old.
 He is now 18 years old, healthy and strong young man.
No words can describe the great job that you are doing.
Thank you for offering your service to the world.
Wow what a review.
Quite embarrassing to call a professor of Prof Modi's standing a retarded rat.
Shame on you whoever you are.
Probably another racist who cannot stand to see such an esteemed and talented person with so much energy and so much drive - giving his all to all of us his grateful patients.
 Suggest the rat who posted the rating go back to the rats and he belongs to.
 And don't come back to our prof when you get no help from anyone and suffer as you deserve to.
He took only 1 minute to look at my xrays and scan.
He took 1 more minute to talk to me and his next patient was already in the room.
He started talking to the new patient without even saying bye to me.
His compassion is very low.
It has been nine (9) years since my hip resurfacing arthroplasty and I still enjoy a complete range of motion and have not had to curtail any physical activities I enjoyed doing prior to the surgery.
Dr Antoniou's previous successful experiences in performing this specific surgery led me to him and I am fortunate to have been treated by his great hands.
Doctor Antoniou is by far the best orthopedic surgeon in Canada, my experience over the past 6 years has been extraordinary.
I had total hip resurfacing, and was part of a study which involved yearly testing.
He is the most professional and knowledgeable Doctor I have ever had the privilege to meet.
Thank you Dr Antoniou for giving my life back.
My resurfaced hip has now been functioning great for the last 11 years.
I'm playing basketball, skiing and hockey.
God bless you and keep up the good work.
My THR experience with Dr John was excellent.
I found him to be knowlegeable, highly skilled and compassionate.
a world class surgeon right here in Quebec.
I chose Dr Antoniou to perform my hip resurfacing on my left hip on January 25, 2018.
He is an incredible surgeon who has performed more hip resurfacing procedures than any other surgeon in Canada.
I had my 7 week follow up on march 20, 2018 with him and everything looks perfect and I have no restrictions on what I'm able to do going forward with the exception of running 3-5 months.
He is a confident but very nice man and his assistant Maria is a wonderful lady to help guide you through the Admin stuff.
Still suffering from the effects of a poor hip surgery, done over 2 years ago, by Dr Antoniou.
Had an excellent experience with this doctor.
My hip replacement was performed 12 years ago and I'm still playing tennis every second day,Thank you Dr Antoniou.
I've gotten to know dr Antoniou ever since he performed my hip replacement 26 years ago.
I am thuroigjly impressed with the quality of his work, his knowledge and his professionalism.
I am stilll involved in sports and the implant shows know signs of wearing out.
I know he is noe the president of the Canadian Orthopaedic association and that he performs the most hip and knee replacements in the province.
I am blessed to have met this brilliant man.
Professional, knowledgeable, personable, technically superb and caring, just a great surgeon.
Congratulations Mr..
Orthopaedic president.
Antoniou is a wonderful surgeon, took very good care of me, he gave me my life back to walk with no pain again , a big thank you , as for his staff Maria you are just wonderful.
Love all to pieces.
After 4 years of pain and limping I was thrilled with the results of my Complete hip replacement operation.
I an now 4 months post-op and am completely pain free and living my life again.
I couldn't be happier with the result or with Dr Antoniou.
He was professional, knowledgeable and very clear with what he recommended for my situation.
His secretary Maria returned my calls promptly and helped me with all paperwork as well.
I'm so grateful to have my life back and thankful to Dr Antoniou and his team.
I have been a patient of Dr Antoniou, for the last 2 years , he is most gentle and understanding Dr there is , I had A knee replacement, he spoke to me a reassured me ever thing will okay how can u ask for better I highly recommend him, his staff was amazing with me and my family, I am blessed to have a great surgeon.
He was running very late and he seemed more irritated that I was there wasting his time.
He told me there was nothing he could do for me but I ended up seeing another physician at McGill who greatly alleviated my hip pain with an injection.
If I had listened to Dr Antoniou's advice, I might still be in pain.
I thought he was an expert in hip pain?
 Maybe I was there on a bad day, because I had heard good things about him before my visit.
Efficient.
Saved my shoulder,He is really professional.
On April 23th,2018, Dr Antoniou performed a hip resurfacing on my right leg.
He did my left hip in 2011 and it's still going extremely well.
He is professional, and quite skilled at this very technically surgery.
Wonderful and knowledgeable doctor.
Unfortunately, Dr Antoniou has been unable to help my husband with his hip problem due to a more serious spine condition.
Dr Antoniou has referred my husband to a spine specialist who has refused to take any new patients.
This is very frustrating since the specialist is a colleague of Dr Antoniou.
After many hours of phone calls, we are still without a specialist.
Was operated on April 28th for total hip by Dr Antoniou.
Seven weeks later, I can not believe how well I am doing.
I am extremely satisfied.
He is a true professional and works with a very efficient team.
He is very human, answered all my questions.
And what can I say about his secretary Maria.
Thank you for everything.
Very very happy with the results.
I highly recommend Dr Antoniou.
I was a professional athlete who had hip surgery by Dr Antoniou.
My career is now over and I can barely walk.
Be careful.
Dr Antoniou definitely knows his stuff.
It would be appreciated if his staff would only return calls and messages.
Very competent caring surgeon,kept me informed every step of the way.
Made sure to see my wife after surgery.
saw me before and after surgery,dropped by on discharge to see how I was doing,Assistant was amazing Maria answered all my emails promptly and could not do enough.
Good experience.
He is a great surgeon.
I had my knee replacement done by him and the entire experience was fantastic.
From Maria his secretary to the staff on the floor.
Dr Antoniou is caring attentive and has incredible knowledge and skill.
No one better in the province.
workplace accident initial symptoms swollen knee treated but still complained of pain in hip was told to lose weight,treated like a stupid person ignorant of medical field could not accept this had mri done that included hip and lower back.
results i require spinal fusion not so stupid now hey doc?
 i strongly recommend you look elsewhere for more compassionate doctor.
I have my hip surgery in 2004 with doctor Antonio u and is the best doctor with the best quality hospital, I will recommend him always, he gives me hope and my life back.
This man makes miracles.
This doctor was very courteous and sensitive to my pain.
Not impressed.
Was promised a mid way between a resurfaced hip and a THR.
Woke to a full THR with a LLD.
Would not recommend this doctor.
Today's My 60 th Birthday and I Thank Dr J Antonio for His expertise Amazing Serious Dr but Keep it Light and straight to the point but I managed to pull and get a few laughs His Amazing this Dr Loves His Job True Famely Man working really to make a difference Big Big Hugs to You Dr Thank you for Giving Me Back My Life Back and to your Secretary She's just wonderful and Serious ok well I'm Super Happy now.
This surgeon world class.
He operated on my left hip and my right knee and I'mnow loving pain free with excellent function.
He's caring and attentive and I realized over the years that he's a leader among orthopaedic surgeons.
He's president of the Canadian Orthopaedic Association.
It's comforting to know that we have such great surgeon here in Montreal.
Thank you Dr Antoniou, I will be forever grateful.
I had my hip resurfaced by Dr Antiniou.
Iam more flexible than before surgery and function without any restriction 5 years after surgery (can sit cross legged and returned to rock climbing).
I have a Johnson and Johnson hip.
I believe the outcome would have been different had it not been for Dr Antiniou's skill as a surgeon.
I go back for yearly check ups after having been notified of the recall.
Nothing but professionalism from his office.
Has revolutionized the art of hip repair, by developing a procedure of hip resurfacing.
My spouse has had both degenerative hips repaired by DrAntoniou, both completely successful.
Also he is caring and attentive in pre and post op phases.
He is a godsend.
I had my knee replacement done by Doctor Antoniou and his team.
The surgery was a success.
I would strongly recommend Doctor Antoniou.
Botched hip surgery.
This world class surgeon suggested Dr Scholls shoe inserts when he carelessly cut too much bone.
She is very compassionate, thorough and responsive.
 I understood exactly was was going to happen, what to expect and what I needed to do post surgery to ensure optimal recovery.
 I appreciate this straightforward approach mixed with a special blend of warmth and humor.
 She is an amazing surgeon and I am so grateful to her for her care.
 One leg done and one to go in November.
Dr v is absolutely amazing she has saved my life, career and especially my happiness.
This is my second time writing about Dr V..
 My first was just post surgery.
 It is all to easy to say how wonderful a surgeon is based on how nice she may be and that her commitment and attention levels are exemplary, but what happens three months down the road.
 This is when we see how our recovery has been and what kind of follow up has been implemented.
 Today was my four month check following ankle surgery (very end of the process for all intents and purposes).
 The next step for me is to have the screw removed from my ankle as the healing is done.
 The point I want to make is that Dr V..
has been there every step of the way, consistently and reliably.
 I have full range of motion in my ankle and my strength is approx.
95% of what it was according to my estimation.
 The only thing holding my back is my occasional fear of falling again when I am on rough terrain.
 Otherwise, I am as good as new.
 This is what she estimated, predicted and delivered.
 She is an amazing surgeon.
 Her assessment of the results is that it is better than what was expected.
I want to add that Dr Andie is an exceptional surgeon and is a caring, competent and wonderful physician.
I would highly recommend her to anyone needing orthopedic surgery.
After rupturing my Achilles tendon playing basketball in Nov 2013 I went to see Dr Velkovic.
From the moment I met her she put my mind at ease with her level of knowledge and expertise.
Even with her busy schedule she always took her time with examinations and was very thorough in answering all my questions.
Dr Velkovic performed surgery to repair my tendon and was very supportive throughout the entire post-op and rehabilitation process.
A year later my repaired tendon feels as good as new and I'm back playing basketball at a competitive level.
I feel so lucky to have had Dr Velkovic as my doctor.
She is a fantastic surgeon and an even better person.
Thank you for everything you've done for me.
Dr Andrea Veljkovic has been my surgeon and primary care practitioner throughout my accident (4 leg fractures).
During that time, she has demonstrated her incredible skill, knowledge, compassion and friendliness.
I highly recommend her.
I was devastated when I first had my accident, but over my surgery and recovery time, Andy gave me hope.
I've stayed optimistic throughout and that is, in large part, due to her quality as a doctor.
My experience with Andy was nothing more than spectacular.
she took the time to explain my procedure thoroughly and answer every question i could think of.
Andy's bed side manner is second to none.
My only problem is that she is leaving to Vancouver.
I wish Andy nothing but the best in life and she will surely be missed by ALL of her patients, especially me.
Good luck to you and your family Andy.
If your ever back in Ontario, please contact me,Warmest regards.
Dr Andie is one of the most amazing surgeons that I have ever had the pleasure of meeting.
My mother and I had the pleasure of seeing Dr Andie in her Vancouver clinic one day, and she was able to correctly diagnose my mothers foot problems.
Dr Andie treated my mother conservatively, and within 3 months, with the help of night splints, physio, stretching exercises, and orthodics, my mom was able to walk again without any pain.
Her recovery was amazing, especially since she didn't require any surgery.
Thank you Dr Andie for giving my mom her life back.
You're the best.
Simply THE BEST orthopedic surgeon in Toronto and GTA.
Too bad she's gone.
We lost a good one.
I have been seeing Dr Veljkovic for a foot injury and am very confident in her treatment.
She is so thorough and genuinely committed to helping her patients.
I have never been to a doctor who takes the time to thoroughly explain your condition and treatment options.
I am so grateful for the care and concern and professionalism Dr Veljkovic demonstrates at every appointment.
I was seen by Dr Andie for a disabling shoulder problem.
I thought her knowledge and professional manner were impeccable.
I have not met another doctor who cared more for her patients.
I am finally able to get back to playing waterpolo.
Andrea (Andie) seems to be a very good young doctor and shows lots of promise.
She is very friendly and easy to talk to.
I have recommended her several times to colleagues and friends.
Unfortunately, because she is so amicable, her patient load will likely increase dramatically thus making it increasingly difficult for her to continue in her interesting and unhurried manner.
Dr Andrea operated on me one month after very severe multiple mid foot fractures.
She achieved the impossible: restoring the integrality of most of my very damaged bones and joints.
She is a brilliant, kind, caring perfectionist who thinks that there is always a way.
I admire that in a Dr I trust her and recommend her 150%.
Almost two years of waiting for surgery after being told I was an amazing case.
She was so excited to work on.
Then left absolutely high and dry with a terrible referral and I'm back to square one.
She was surely knowledgeable about my issue, but the overall experience was disappointing.
We are so grateful for Dr A..
My mother-in-law had to have surgery on her femur.
The surgery was done exceptionally.
She spoke to us in english ( not in medical terms) and the staff helped her feel very comfortable.
We are sad to hear she will be leaving the hospital.
We wish her all the best.
I am very grateful for your skill and integrity.
You managed to save my badly broken hip bone rather than replace it.
For such major surgery, it's amazing.
There's only a small, discreet, cosmetic incision.
Dr Andi operated on my mom.
After a fall that left my 73 year old mother with a shattered left shoulder, Dr Andi basically put together my mom's shoulder piece by little piece.
While my mom's range of motion had reduced as a result of her fall, she has use of the arm that we didn't expect.
Dr Andi's work as a surgeon, in our eyes, is fantastic.
Her bed side manner incomparable.
She insists on seeing my mom post the operation every 3 to 4 months.
My mom thoroughly enjoys her visits with Dr Andi as she knows this doctor genuinely cares about her and her situation.
Dr Andi is a world class surgeon.
she knows her field and she genuinely cares for her patients (most doctors can do one or the other, not both).
Thank you Dr Andi for your contribution to the miraculous healing and restoring of both knees.
Dr Andie is simply the best, professional and easy to talk with due to her confidence and compassion for your pain.
My surgery is pending for 2 broken toes.
Dr Andie gave me options, physical exercises program and steroids for the pain.
I am building strength in my legs before my surgery, I highly recommend Dr Andie, a great surgeon with a warm smile.
I have to say that I agree with the last patient.
It's like they look at us when someone is on disability and decide before they even start the appointment that we are worthless.
Dr Velikovic performed 2 complicated surgeries on my leg and ankle involving cutting my bones and inserting wedges as well as cleaning out calcium buildup damage and replacing ankle ligaments with some from my knee at St Paul's hospital in Vancouver, bc.
 My surgery is so unique, she is doing a case study on it.
 I like how she is blunt, straight forward and to the point.
She is extremely knowledgeable and I was instantly comfortable around her.
She did a phenomenal job on my ankle and is fabulous with follow up.
Best orthopedic surgeon in all of Canada.
We are so sad that we lost her to Vancouver.
Dr Veljkovic is the most knowledgeable, approachable and caring doctor I have ever met.
I have been to many doctors who claimed that they could help my foot but never pulled through.
Andie ( as she prefers to be called) has been the only doctor who has helped me recover without prescribing me pills upon pills.
She is truly amazing, and I am so blessed to have found a doctor who is as passionate, knowledgeable and funny as she is.
Dr andy is awesome i had a foot fracture and she helped me a great deal explaining what would be needed for healing and was wonderful with follow up,This is the 1st doc that I have ever seen who was so very genuine and caring an exceptional person.
Thank u Andy for being professional, not only as a surgeon, yet as a person as well.
There is a distinct anointing upon your giftings.
Dr Veljkovic operated on my elbow after a particularly bad break.
When I met her before the operation she was factual, fast and very friendly.
She pointed out the complexity, explained what needs to be done in sufficient detail, and gave me confidence with her enthusiasm and energy.
It has been 3 months now, my elbow with its new hardware has been doing exceptionally well.
During the follow up appointments she gave me detailed instructions to my physiotherapist.
I would recommend her without reservations.
She is exceptional.
Complex surgery was performed in early 2014 and after several visits with Dr Veljkovic, my ankle is now in mint condition Originally I was not able to walk without pain and now I can walk for hours and ride my bicycle.
Dr Veljkovic has given me back my quality of life.
I can now enjoy the outdoors once again.
She is a consummate professional and has wonderful bedside manor.
She cares so much for her patients and always finds a way to put you at ease.
She also challenges you and expects that you take an active role in your own recovery.
She has an awesome smile and if you are lucky enough to get to know her a little bit more then you realize what an amazing person she is.
Thank you so much Andrea.
She has a warm, encouraging demeanor and she will be missed.
doctor Veljkovic has a warm and comforting personality which sets you at ease.
She is forthright with what to expect regarding your injury and consequent treatment and prognosis.
She is very knowledgeable and open to answering any questions you may have, all in all a positive experience.
 Last weeks appointment went very well his 6 hour surgery is healing.
We lost a spectacular doctor for NovaScotia.
Sanela is a wonderful secretary too.
After eighteen months and many doctors another orthopaedic surgeon recommended me to Dr VELJKOVIC.
It is six months since the surgery on my achilles and tendon repair.
Thanks to Dr Veljkovic I am able to walk many miles and return to my favourite activities.
Dr V. is one of the most caring, committed doctors who takes the time to explain and answer your questions and concerns.
I would highly recommend her to anyone who has severe foot problems.
She is one of a kind.
Dr Andrea Veljkovic is a great surgeon with a warm heart.
Absolutely amazing - great bedside manner, puts you at ease, excellent surgeon, very knowledgeable.
Very friendly and helpful staff.
Best pre-op, surgical and post-op experience of my life with the most positive results.
I have experienced only two visits with Dr velikovic as I am a new patient and fell deep,y sorry that she will be greatly missed.
She has so much valuable experience,Knowledge and insight and clearly a matter of fact solutions provider.
I felt confident that her knowledge and direction would provide me with relief without rushing into surgery.
I feel very sad that our city 'Toronto' will be without her professional insight and healing.
Wishing you much continues success in Vancouver.
Dr Veljkovic inspires confidence.
She is exceedingly warm.
I usually feel somewhat uncomfortable in doctors' offices but she has the ability to put you at ease immediately.
I love the way she thinks out loud, discusses and explains things with the greatest patience.
There is no doubt that she is exceedingly knowledgeable and experienced in her field.
She listens as if anything you say is of the utmost importance.
After years of struggling with some issues, I felt an enormous sense of relief at being in her care.
There is no sense of 'hurry' in her approach and no questions left unanswered.
She was the sixth doctor that I saw, when the others had all but written me off as they couldn't figure out the problem.
I was lucky my timing worked out as she was only just moving to Toronto so I had to wait a month until she started working at Toronto western.
Dr Andrea Veljkovic is best Foot Surgeon In Canada and USA.
May She be blessed in everything she touches with Patients anywhere she practices.
Dr Andy is the best surgeon I have ever been with , she is a very caring and understanding surgeon.
And she knows her work and is very professional.
Her staff is awesome they made me feel very comfortable  with no worries.
Thanks so much for what u have done for me.
Dr Veljkovic wants the best possible outcome for you - and she will stop at nothing until that is accomplished.
The ankle fusion and re-alignment I needed to have was a complete success and I am grateful to have met Dr Veljkovic here in Vancouver.
Because of her caring and skill, Dr Veljkovic was instrumental in relieving the pain and other issues arising, by correcting a collapsing ankle and bringing me back to walk well again.
She is the best and I sincerely thank her.
Very thankful I was able to have such a great doctor, I'm now virtually pain free for the first time in over 2 years.
Thank you so much.
Veljkovic is the best surgeon.
Due to her professionalism and care I was able to avoid the foot surgery.
I am so mush thankful to this doctor for all the attention, thoughtfulness and care provided to me at all times.
Not only is she the best professional that I have ever known, but also she is a kind and caring person, which is also very important for a patient not only to be treated, but to be cured.
Dr Veljkovic was a great first surgery experience for me.
I dislocated and broke my knee cap and she had booked me in for surgery within a few days.
She is very confident in herself and it allowed me to put complete faith in her.
I have healed great and feel completely back to normal now.
She is extremely caring and lovely but doesn't sugar coat at all.
I highly respect her.
Awesome Doc, Very thorough, made sure I understood exactly the proceedure she will be doing.
I wish more doctors were like this,It is well worth traveling to see her.
I will require several surgerys and already have a good feeling that I will be happy with the results.
I have been seeing Dr Andy Veljkovic (Toronto Western Hospital) for about a year now with a very arthritic and rigid big toe.
While we have decided not to pursue surgery at this point, she has offered excellent suggestions in terms of how to live well with this condition, i.e.what shoes to buy and where, physio to stretch my calf and ankle muscles, etc.
She is very knowledgeable.
I must say that I have never experienced a physician who is more caring and understanding, an all around very nice person.
I will truly miss her a my physician as she now transitions to B.C..
Our appointment ended with a big hug goodbye.
So after waiting over six months to see her after two of her colleagues did three other surgeries after I fell off a ladder from the second step gave me all kinds of hope to fix the 'mess' that is my foot she bailed out and dumped me on some one that just wants to cut it off.
I honestly believe that I would not be able to walk again if it wasn't for Dr Andie.
 Master surgeon and excellent follow-up.
 I see her for a few more months and I will miss her smiling/positive/welcoming/informative/motivating visits.
When she learned that my husband and I had a flight booked for home the following day she arranged for it within the hour and we saw her again to review the results and to confirm a treatment plan.
Her ability to understand your situation, her caring personality and obvious capability instill complete confidence in the recommended treatment and her ability to perform it.
I would highly recommend Dr Andie to anyone, especially diabetics.
The foot saving angel.
Wonderful Doctor, excellent bedside manner.
Not to mention stunningly beautiful.
Saved my leg.
Best doctor ever not even with my leg.
She is also stunning.
I broke my leg in a horrible accident.
 It was so bad I didn't think my life would be the same again.
 Dr Veljkovic pieced my leg back together with a rod through my tibia and multiple screws around my knee and ankle.
 Now just 4 months later I'm walking without an aid and soon I'll be back to my normal life.
 By talking to her you can tell she truly cares about her patients and that she takes pride in her work.
 Thanks Doc, I'm eternally grateful.
Toronto western hospital is a wonder hospital and great staff.
but the powers to be need a kick in the but with a frozen boot for letting her get away Dr Andra Veljkovic did major surgery on my ankle and did a great job and I am well satisfied.
And I wish you all the best on your new adventure.
She will be truly be missed.
During the accident I've suffered a severe injury of my right ankle and initially I didn't know will I be able to walk again.
Dr Veljkovic took over my case and with all her knowledge and confidence she has reconstructed my ankle on the way that I feel like born again.
From my own experience I could say that is very difficult to meet such commitment, great personality and high professionalism in one person.
I have only seen Dr V for 2 visits so far and both times I've felt like this doctor seems like an exceptional person and very knowledgeable in her trade.
 She is positive thinking person that also gives strong compliments to people when they are due.
I have referred to cutting my toe off as a solution and she said,  NO I will not do that.
I look forward to having my foot reconstructed by Dr V and being pain free.
Andie is an incredible surgeon, and so personable and warm, you immediately become comfortable and at ease,She had my mother fixed up within hours of arriving at Toronto Western Hospital (partial hip replacement) and she is back on her feet and resuming all of her activities prior to the accident.
I highly recommend Dr Andrea (Andie) Veljkovic for any of your orthopaedic needs.
As the mother I have been impressed with her ability to explain to my daughter as well as to us what happened and what needed to be done.
 She is an excellent teacher to patients and has wonderful bedside manner.
 I am particularly appreciative that she has been honest with us throughout the process.
She is fast, kind, and very knowledgeable and confident.
She communicated with me before and after surgery by email and her staff were exteremely helpful.
We need her back in NS because Ontarios's gain is our loss.
Dr Andrea Veljkovic is a highly competent,knowledgeable Dr who is confident and compassionate in her diagnosis and surgical procedures.
She takes the time to explain in great detail how she plans to proceed in your particular situation.
I have had two surgeries in Toronto for foot reconstruction with one additional surgery for ankle replacement or ankle fusion.
I feel very fortunate to have Dr Andie looking after me and am looking forward to being able to walk without pain.
I would also like to comment on her Admin Assistant, Sanela Jovic who is extremely efficient and articulate in working with patients and keeping things moving.
Her personable manner and honesty put me at ease.
She answered all of my questions and gave me advise about how to deal with my problems in order to put off surgery as long as possible and perhaps even avoid it.
I was so relieved after meeting with her.
Subsequent appointments were just as informative and friendly.
Even with her busy schedule, she did not make me feel rushed.
I am sad to hear that she is leaving the TO area because I am afraid I will never find another Orthopedic Surgeon as good as Dr Andi.
She is the best of the best and with a great bedside manner too.
I wish her well as she moves on to BC - they are very lucky to have her.
I had a severe Pilon fracture and Dr Andy Veljkovic was my Surgeon.
She has to be the best Dr I have ever dealt with and her bedside manner is second to none.
I did not feel rushed and she took all the time I needed to explain things to me so I understood everything.
Her follow up is great.
The doctor actually took me in early, was thorough with her physical examination and spoke in layman's terms regarding explanations and options.
Very knowledgeable in the mechanics of movement.
There was no feeling of being rushed through the appointment.
She lays out the percentage of results regarding surgery and although she makes her money through surgery she did not in my case recommend this as a choice of treatment.
Follow-up appointments are prompt as well as further investigations.
I'd like to express my most sincere thanks to Dr Andie Veljkovic.
She was the first doctor to actually give me a diagnosis for my ankle.
I followed her from Nova Scotia to Ontario and I am extremely satisfied with the work that has been done.
Before the operation I could barely walk but now 7 months after the procedure I feel as though I have my life back.
I have the utmost respect and appreciation for Dr Andie she is an excellent doctor and I would recommend her to anyone.
Her bedside manner was second to none.
I wish more people that are hurting could have the opportunity to receive such professionalism from a doctor.
She is truly an amazing surgeon and doctor.
Thanks again from the bottom of my heart.
I am in my 50s and this is the first time a doctor has ever been so attentive and actually listened to my issues and questions.
I almost cried at the end of my appointment.
God bless this amazing doctor.
Wait times are horrible for this doctor.
His receptionist Sharon is awesome as well and it is a pleasure to call or visit the office.
From the first moment I step into his office I felt confortable.
He is patient willing caring and accepting.
He has never let me leave the office without asking if there is anything else he could do to asist me.
I have never had to wait more then 10 min for him and with that wait was an apologie.
His recieptionist is amazing and takes the time which is unheared of now a days.
I would reccomemd no one else to bring a child into this world.
I have never been treated so wonderfully and personable by a doctor before.
We are lucky to have him.
it was a very good experience.
I have never felt so comfortable with a doctor, and this was my first time meeting him.
I am looking forward to the rest of this pregnancy experience, and I've heard so much good about Dr N and delivering babies.
I also agree that his receptionist is phenomenol.
She is very pleasant and helpful.
Dr Nwebube was the most gentle and considerate Dr I have met.
He listened to all concerns and would answer each one, including phone calls to his office.
Each time putting my mind at ease.
We are very grateful he was there for us and were fortunate to have Dr Nwebube as our Dr..
Delivered both of my babies, so efficiently with any aids.
(No forceps, no tearing, no suction).
Would recommend to anyone.
He is by far the nicest doctor I have ever met.
His wife is my daughters pediatrician as well, such a lovely family.
Highly recommend him (or her) to anyone.
He delivered my first born with minimal tearing and stitches.
He really knew what to do and did not use any unnecessary means (episiotomy, forceps, vacuum), which I was grateful for as I did not want any of those things used.
He was excellent during delivery and afterwards.
The nurses were also amazing at this hospital.
I will be having all of my children with this doctor.
Awesome doctor.
Went through 3 years of pain and problems with other docs until I saw Dr Nwebube.
Nothing but amazing things to say about Dr Nwebube.
The best at what he does by far.
He delivered both of my boys, and was so calming and supportive during my labour.
Absolutely amazing Doctor.
I was refer to him by my midwife as I would be having a second vbac.
It was a precautionary measure but he was so knowledge.
With having two premies he immediately recommend 2 doses of steroid shots incase this baby came early as well.
Very funny and personable.
He made me feel very comfortable.
He's super friendly and the birth went very well.
He's very calm in scary situations which I very much appreciated.
Extremely kind attentive, caring doctor.
Love his humor and comforting approach.
Disappointed in his lack of knowledge regarding new evidence about a drug's terrible side effects.
The drug was discontinued because it is so dangerous but he managed to get some for me.
I should have asked why it was discontinued but I just trusted him.
He's delivered all three of our kids, amazing doctor.
Amazing doctor, very personable, makes sure you're comfortable and understand everything.
From pregnancy to delivery I always knew what to expect and am so glad he was there during the delivery of my baby.
Clearly, negative (yet truthful) comments get removed from this site.
My comment was removed and it contained information that would be very important for prenatal moms to know about this doctor and hospital practice.
Best Doctor anyone could ask for.
I would follow him to the end of the earth.
You and baby are lucky if Dr Nwebube is your ob/gyn.
His staff is amazing, he is amazing, the hospital and nurses are amazing.
Best experience, best doctor ever.
So thankful for Dr Nwebube.
I had Dr Nwebube as my OB/GYN with my first child, and we absolutely loved him.
He came to check on me when he wasn't working, and he was very attentive and patient to what we were saying to him.
He never talked down to us, and made us feel very comfortable, no matter what the situation.
We look forward to having him deliver our second child this winter.
I had a smooth delivery but experienced a near fatal manual placenta removal that Dr Nwebube handled in a calm, cool and collected manner.
Although scary, he was able to make the quick and hard decisions leaving me alive and able to care for my child within hours.
I had my 3 child delivered by Nwebube via emergency c section.
The care received is 5 stars.
He is kind and compassionate.
By far the best OBGYN in the area if not the country.
Dr Nwebube is wonderful.
I suffered with pain in my abdomen for over a year, and had a very obvious lump, when i was referred to him he knew what was wrong right away, even though it was a very rare condition.
He took my concerns seriously,did the surgery,and now I feel great.
my husband says he has his wife back, thank you doc.
If you are looking for a Christian doctor who is kind caring and very smart, he is your man.
He is kind and thorough and always has time for any questions youse have.
Sometimes you have to wait for a while, but not too bad.
He is calm and co ident during delivery and helped me reduce my tearing a lot compared to my first delivery.
Excellent doctor, cares abour your questions.
 Will sit with you untill you understand everything.
My first delivery was a success thanks to him.
I was referred to him for menopause issues.
He is very sensitive to women's issues which has not always been my experience with Doctors in general or OBGYN sadly.
He is thorough.
2nd baby with him as my doctor.
He is so friendly and jolly.
A brilliant, calm and compassionate professional.
Everything I look for in a doctor.
He saved my life in surgery.
Such an amazing man with so many patients but still makes you feel welcome and happy to address all of your concerns.
Dr Nwebube is the most humble, polite, experienced doctor I have met.
 He makes you feel comfortable, safe, and attended to.
An amazing Doctor who is excellent at what he does.
His staff are also very caring.
Highly recommend him.
 His secretary could be a little more friendly, but Dr Nwebube more then makes up for it.
Love Dr N for his care and attention.
He always has time to listen and put fears to rest.
Awesome doctor, best I've been to.
I'm on my second baby and I couldn't wait to go back to him, he listens and is extremely knowledgeable.
He has a calming effect that many doctors lack.
He is a kind hearted man.
Very helpful.
He was a great doctor the whole time, and excellent in the delivery room.
Under the care of this doctor, my son was stillborn.
Dr Nwachukwu is an amazing Doctor skilled and talented with his work.
I also think that he made some poor decisions which caused me a great deal of pain and 2 reconstructive segeries later.
I cannot say enough good things about Dr Nwebube.
He has charisma, is kind, gentle, professional, spiritual, caring, very knowledgeable, makes sure to thoroughly answer all your questions properly, never rushes you, and is the absolute best OB/GYN I have ever had.
He is amazing and I love him.
I've seen Dr N for an IUD and will be returning again.
He is kind, knowledgeable and makes u feel comfortale during this process.
I am having my first child in Spring, 2008 and recently met Dr Nwebube.
He was alittle late - 45 minutes - as he had to deliver a child but was very apologetic upon returning.
He made me feel extremely comfortable and has a really nice manner about him.
He kept asking if I had more questions and told me if I did think of questions to just call his office.
I could not be happier with our first encounter.
I only hope 45 minutes is not the normal wait time but I guess he doesn't have much control over when a baby decides he/she is ready to be delivered.
Dr Nwebube is an outstanding well rounded doctor.
He gives you his 100 % attention, is polite, professional but at the same time time reassuring and warm.
I had been struggling with symptoms for years and he was the only doctor that was able to pinpoint my problem in 1 minute.
DrNwebube delivered my first child,after much discussion to go with him or my family doctor my husband and I decided to go with him and couldnt have been happier with our decision.
He understood all our concerns,answered our questions and reassured us that everything will go just fine (which it did),appointments,labour and delivery was amazing, we couldn't have asked for a better doctor.
We plan on going with him again for any future babies.
what a wonderful doctor.
He is very smart and knows the answers to your questions.
Very happy guy and willing to accomidate.
Very fast and good when it comes to c-sections,His office appiontments are 9 times out of 10 right on time.
And he has the best receptionist I've ever encountered.
He is a great doctor.
Very kind and has a wonderful bedside manner.
He really cares about his patients and does a wonderful job making you feel comfortable.
Dr Nwebube is a gem.
He is kind, gentle and always sure to ask if I have any questions.
He always replies with thoughtful and easy-to-understand answers and never rushes us out.
We were grateful for his calming personality during the delivery of our first child and would gladly trust my future pregnancies/babies to his capable hands.
I have only good things to say about Dr Nwebube.
Very rarely had to wait very long.
His staff were always kind.
Very professional and knowledgeable doctor who I felt I could trust.
Great sense of humour and I feel very lucky to have had him for both of my pregnancies.
Always trusted I was in good hands.
We went through a miscarriage with him, and he truly cared about how I was doing emotionally and physically.
Happy to say, I am expecting again, so it's always nice to be able to visit his office, and his awesome receptionist.
Very caring, helpful and dosen't rush.
I had an excellent birth experience because of Dr N..
Dr Nwebube delivered my 1st born with ease and was calm, helpful and truly a great doctor.
I would recommend him to anyone.
His staff Are also amazing and its well worth the wait.
A great experience overall.
He is very friendly, and knowledgable, and his staff is outstanding.
Couldn't ask for a better, more caring, knowledgeable Doctor.
I feel blessed to have found him and been in his care.
I love Dr Nwebube, and his one receptionist is friendly and courteous, but the one that answers the phone is short and rude, and talked to me several times in a demeaning tone when I was asking a simple question, politely.
I am not comfortable whenever I have to call in.
Shouldn't be talked down to as if I'm a child.
His secretary does not have the same level of professionalism, and his office lacks parking, privacy and seating.
It is worth it though because Dr Nwebube seems to really listen and acknowledge what you say.
He asks alot of questions which is helpful.
He's very polite and seems to be genuinely concerned about your health.
Makes an uncomfortable doctor visit much more tolerable.
Dr Nwebube is friendly and caring doctor.
He has wonderful bedside manner and makes you feel comfortable.
Explains treatments and options available.
I wish every doctor was like him.
I was so blessed to have Dr Nwebube deliver my first child last July.
I cannot say enough great things about him.
He helped me get through my nerves and fears with his calm, kind nature, he always told me there was no such thing as a dumb question.
His bedside manners were incredible, his visits after having my daughter were uplifting and full of praise and so sincere.
I ran into him last week and remembers us, was so sweet with my daughter, respectful to my husband and I, I could go on forever, he is the BEST doctor I have ever had, I loved having him and look forward to having him again.
Dr Nwebube delivered all 3 of our kids, helped me through a miscarriage and is delivering my next baby in a few weeks.
He is kind and caring.
He is more than willing to answer any questions and always puts my mind at ease about any concerns I might have.
Everyone relaxes when he walks into the delivery room.
I found his staff very unhelpful and sometime rude.
I always felt as if he rushed me through my appointments and he never eased my fears and made me feel like my concerns didn't matter.
All in all not a horrible experience but I must say I like Dr Gai a lot better for my pregnancies.
He is a great Dr I wish I could go see him all the time.
He delivered our first child in 2006 and our twins later.
My family and I always felt very comfortable and safe in his care even though my twin pregnancy was high risk.
He is a really easy Dr to talk to and listens to all concerns.
He does everything he can to make sure you have a healthy, safe pregnancy and that you have a safe labor and delivery and that your baby is the healthiest they can be.
I feel truly blessed to have DrNwebube as the doctor who delivered my daughter just 5 days ago.
I needed a c-section due to a placenta previa and he was able to put my mind at ease when no one else could.
Confident and knowledgeable I think he is the BEST and maybe a well kept secret.
I had sworn I would not have anymore children at first but as I told him, he makes me want to populate the planet he instilled so much peace of mind in me.
I am forever greatful.
The surgery was quick and efficient, I feel great and cant wait to thank him again at my follow up appt.
I was referred to Dr Nwebube as i had no family doctor.
He was quick to diagnose my problems and help me find effective ways to better my health.
He was very patient and if i felt uncomfortable during a proceedure he would immediately stop until i was ready to continue.
Never once did i feel like a number, instead i was a valued patient.
If you need a hysterectomy stay away from this doctor.
Not very knowledgeable.
Going to see a to a Hamilton doctor.
Wonderful,  excellent care and communication, no other can compare.
Sending heartfelt thanks from Thompson.
I've never met a gyn that I liked more than you.
I've developed serious female problems since you left that have been very mishandled- to the point I now travel to Winnipeg if I need gyn surgery.
I know you would have helped me appropriately.
Grimsby ladies you are so lucky.
I just wanted to say thank you for all you do.
This Doctor is amazing, have recommended many times over and entrusted family care to him.
Two babies with this doctor- he is seriously the best.
He was right on time for every one of my appointments.
I had a c-section with my first child but wanted to go v-back this time.
He respected my wishes and when the time came and I had to have another section, he did a wonderful job.
Unlike the first one, I had no complications following this surgery and feel that that is because he did such an excellent job on me.
I really liked that he listened to me when I had a question or comment and got the impression that he respected my opinion.
I would recommend him to anyone having a baby in the area.
I was very disappointed to hear that Sharon had left, but heard through the grapevine that she is happy where she has gone.
Very good doctor - he has the skill, knowledge and experience you want when in the delivery room.
you are in good hands with Dr Nwebube.
Wonderful from the day I met with with he was great very knowledgable highly recommend him.
He is solid in his care, goes above and beyond.
Integrity and very knowledgeable.
This Dr saved my life he is so kind and cares about people.
I would highly recomend him.
He makes you feel comfortable and also has a great sense of humour.
I am so lucky i found this Dr i would have more tham likely died from an infection had i not had him for my Dr I have so much respect for this man.
And his staff are fantastik.
God bless them they really care.
He is the most amazing doctor we could have asked for.
This will be my second delivery with Dr nwebube.
Would recommend him to anyone planning on having a baby.
Amazing Dr, very polite and helpful through both of my pregnancies.
I'm due in three weeks and looking forward to my labour experience even more knowing he is our Dr for it.
Was referred to Dr Nwebube for fertility issues and he put me right at ease.
We got pregnant and now I am lucky to have him as my OBGYN.
He is so pleasant and his staff are amazing.
They all make you feel like a person instead of a patient.
I had my first daughter at St Catharines hospital and it was terrible.
