She, and everyone else on staff, from the social workers to the doctors, to the aides, to housekeeping are the most wonderful, caring hospital staff I have ever encountered.
I still can't get over their prompt call backs, and willingness to facilitate placement of her cat while she is transferred to rehab for her broken hip.
I know Weiss usually gets a bad rap, but all I can do is rave about how great they are and thank them for being compassionate healing helpers.
You make the world a better place.
I went to the Emergency room due to a horrible earache.
They got me in fast, but then I only saw a Resident.
The Attending did not come in and look at my ear.
Nor did the Resident do an exam, besides looking in my ear.
He said I had an ear infection, however I did not have a  fever.
 I called a friend to discuss my situation and she let me know no one should be given that many antibiotics.
So I discussed it with the pharmacist and she agreed the doctor definitely prescribed me too much.
I then got a bill for 730$, which I expected.
But when I called to make a payment plan the woman was so mean to me when I discussed why it was so much.
She told me it was my choice to go to the doctor and my fault.
I had an abdominal myomectomy on February 27th and I couldn't of asked for better staff to help me during and post surgery.
I barely had visitors but the nurses and staff were there to check on me, provide me with meds and food and always asked how I was feeling.
 They helped me to the bathroom and were very prompt when I needed anything for the 2 days I spent there.
The surgical staff (with my gyn doctor, Dr.Sadikovic, who is amazing) did a fantastic job on me and I am healing quite well at home.
After the surgery I was on the brink of having pneumonia, had a fever and my blood pressure was higher than I ever saw in my life.
They were on it when it came to me breathing into an apparatus that would open up and clear my lungs, which forced me to cough (which was horribly painful) and made sure I didn't have blood clots by me moving around more and the placement of leg massagers on each of my legs (may not be what they are called).
I was proud to be strong enough to walk out of the hospital without being wheeled out on a wheelchair.
Thank you all for making me feel comfortable and taking good care of me.
Keep up the amazing work.
I just got a look a my daughters credit report.
Why would a hospital run a hard credit check when you're admitted?
Perhaps their treatment depends on your credit score score?
Good lord, only in America.
My experience at Weiss was horrific.
I had no choice where the ambulance took me based on my address.
I was so upset with the third world care I was receiving, I removed my own arm catheter and ran screaming from the Weiss horror show they called treatment.
I would have been better cared for from the bridge not to far from the hospital of homeless people camped out.
Scream bloody murder if you are ever transported to Weiss.
Make sure you have a will because under Weiss hospital treatment, you will die.
Worst wait times they tell you a couple minutes,  more like a couple hours.
Glad I am not dying would be dead
 I am a African American female 61 years and I noticed that all the other patients that were Caucasian or  they different race was placed into a room.
 I informed them  my head chest pains I informed them that impact from the rear was so severe and I've been going to Weiss for years now and I went there because they used to treat all people the same upon letting them know, about the pain I was in, they finally ordered test for me the test showed I had whiplash I had a fractured shoulder they did not give me a neck brace nor anything to support my shoulder I went there for help.
 I don't know what's going on because this hospital at one time was always very good when treating any type of emergency that's why I chose to go there because I believed I would get the best care but this time I was wrong completely wrong
I had back surgery, a 4 level spinal fusion, a few years ago at Weiss Hospital.
My surgeon, Dr Thomas McNally, did an excellent job and my back symptoms are relieved.
However, I developed a heel ulcer on my second post op day.
Because I wasn't capable of moving anything below my waist due to the surgical pain, I was dependent on the nurses to roll me over, position me and provide padding where necessary.
All it took was an 8 hour shift where the nurse did not turn me and I developed a pressure sore on my heel.
The nurses on the next two shifts did not check my heels for skin integrity.
Weiss did not offer home care upon my discharge and I developed an infection.
It took roughly 16 months before I was allowed to put full pressure on that foot.
My surgeon stopped going to Weiss soon after my unfortunate experience with the nursing care there.
Many of the nurses who cared for me were excellent nurses, but all it took was a series of poor nursing care decisions over an 18 hour period.
My husband was hospitalized for a month 1/2 admitted first to intensive care for 2 1/2 weeks then transferred to different floors throughout his continued stay for another few weeks the last floor he was on was the fourth floor inpatient rehab,Once he was in his room I was given an actual bed so I could stay with my husband & not have to leave him,Even letting me know that I was able to take a shower,That meant the world to me,The staff was amazing the one nurse he had his name is Angel was awesome he went above & beyond to help my husband with anything he needed or correct something that was wrong,I was amazed at how he did his job & help me learn how to take care of my husbands colostomy needs & coming into my husbands room to check on him & asking us if everything was ok & if we needed anything,Sabrina from rehab was also so amazing,I can't say enough about the staff on the fourth floor.
Hours are hard for working class.
Person who answers the phone has very heavy accent.
It was very difficult to understand her.
I was reluctant to go to WMH because the reviews were not too positive, but I had a wonderful recommendation regarding Dr.
Gupta from my primary care doc and felt I should give him a try.
There was some difficulty making my initial appt, but once that was taken care of, all was well.
The valets, registration, radiologists, doctor and his staff, have all been absolutely the best.
The staff have been kind, helpful, professional, polite and knowledgeable.
When radiology was running late they even called me to let me know so I didn't rush to my appt.
 Gupta and his staff and feel absolutely no apprehension about traveling to WMH.
I was bleeding profusely and they left me laying in a room alone for 3 hours when there weren't any other patients in the ER.
I had to get up and walk around to find someone and ask if I should be getting stitches or a scan.
Stay away from this hospital.
2 stars is a long shot for Weiss, but given the hospital itself was clean, it's right by apartment and i didn't have to wait very long to be seen bumps it up a star.
I cut my finger on Memorial Day ( I have a habit of visiting ER's on holidays.
Like I stated the hospital was clean and I only had to wait like 20 min to be seen.
The doctor was new and didn't really explain what was going on with my finger.
25 min later she comes in and says I don't need stitches and they'll just wrap it up real well and send me on my way.
I asked her about after care with my finger and she told me one thing, where the nurse who actually wrapped up my finger told me another thing.
 I was kinda confused so decided to follow-up with my general doctor a few days later.
 And then another statement saying my insurance was canceled back in 2008.
 And then another notice saying I may be sent to collections because i haven't paid my bill.
Never again will i go here.
 Way to much hassle and not the greatest service.
I recently had surgery here, and I cannot thank the team at Weiss enough for their professionalism and warmth throughout the entire process.
Maldonado and the staff of nurses and aides on the surgery recovery floor were wonderful.
I was a true emergency walking into the ER that cold morning of.
See I just returned from my 5 year review with Dr.
Edgar Chedruary, who would eventually save my life.
At the time I didn't realize how critical I had become.
Dr Chedruary gave my family a 3 % chance of survival.
Here is my survival at 3% after having 2 strokes in surgery.
Edgar whatever you did you made the correct decisions.
 Everyone was friendly and concerned, I saw a nurse practitioner for a sinus infection who was so very nice, Dale Benton.
 I will continue to go to WMH for any after hours medical needs.
 I was there for 3 days with my husband after total hip replacement surgery.
Everyone including valet and cafeteria employees are friendly and accommodating.
 As for the surgical staff - they are the reason why people come from all over the country (probably farther) for hip and knee replacements and revisions.
My husband saw another specialist but he didn't have the correct diagnosis.
So happy we came to Weiss.
Excellent hospital and very attentive staff.
 It was the best hospital experience we've ever had.
 If yore wondering where to go for excellent care or looking for a fantastic hospital this is the one.
My mom has been in here a few times, for stroke, pneumonia, heart/blood pressure problems, and we are always shocked at the lameness of this hospital and its doctors.
There was one doctor who only made rounds at midnight, so he wouldn't have to see family members of patients.
That doesn't work when your loved one had a stroke and cannot speak anymore.
The nurses don't have time, no one responds to call buttons or they say they will and they don't, no housekeeping to clean up the water on the floor from the overflowed toilet, and there's the biohazard patient directly across the hallway .
Had to make a quick trip to the ER at Weiss after my husband ruptured his Achilles tendon during a flag football game at the fields across from the hospital.
I have to say, this is the quickest I have ever been to an ER and have the patient evaluated and seen by an actual doctor.
The staff were all very personable and kept the atmosphere light.
Everyone we encountered was very friendly and helpful.
The doctor referred us to a surgeon and offered to call the surgeon himself if we had any issues getting an appointment the following day.
The staff was quick to get my husband X-rays and in a splint.
We were in and out in under two hours, which to me is amazing - I've recently had a trip to the emergency room myself (different hospital) for stitches and waited nearly 3 hours to see a doc, even though there was no one in the waiting room.
Half of this visit was waiting for the cast/splint to set.
I was quite pleased with our visit to the ER at Weiss and would certainly recommend and return again.
While I am in pain and waiting for hours, I see a new doctor because (she says the other one left and lost my scan)  Let me tell you having an abdominal CT scan is painful, exhausting, and being allergic to iodine very difficult to go through this process.
To have been at this hospital for 3 hours, waiting for my results, and learning the previous doctor misplaced them was more than unsettling.
The first doctor also said my white blood count was elevated and that he was going to figure out why it was so high because that was abnormal and means my body was fighting an infection.
The new doctor says oh it's actually not abnormal.
Weiss Hospital's emergency room is not only filthy, the staff, when you can find them, is rude and lazy.
I went in to the ER for an abscessed tooth that caused my face to swell up and sent me into doubled over rocking back and forth fits of pain.
There were 2 other people in the ER at the time, both of whom appeared to be homeless.
One man was in a wheelchair, sleeping, without shoes and the other was passed out on the chairs.
It took me more than 5 minutes to even find somebody to check me in.
The fact that both nurses I encountered were at least 300 pounds should have told me something.
I received not the least bit of interest in how I was doing and after 3 hours of sitting there without a single person coming up to me I left.
I had to search for somebody to tell them I was leaving.
After that I kept receiving bills from their ER, which I mentioned to the person I didn't want to happen when I ended up leaving and he told me since I had not seen any doctors, it shouldn't happen.
After a year of fighting them I finally got the issue resolved.
The entire experience was horrible.
I've been to other ERs in the city and over the border in Wisconsin and I have to say nothing has been like this one - even Northwestern, whose ER is jam packed with people nearly all the time was nothing like Weiss.
 This hospital is disgustingly filthy, doesn't care a bit about its patients and the people I encountered who work there are all fat, lazy, not very bright and act like they hate their jobs.
I'll start by saying I was a nurse here for 20 years.
My experience as a patient over the last year has been utterly unacceptable.
I'm not going into details about the aftermath of a surgery, but multiple issues have arrived from that.
Total waste of money and time.
Had to come back and repeat it another waste of time.
Now, I am here for a third MRI.
I got here at 2 to get my mammogram as well (since I live an hour away), Only to be told I was scheduled wrong.
My MRI was scheduled for 3:45, so I've been siting here for over 2 hours only to be told they are an hour behind.
I am so happy open enrollment is now and I switched my HMO do I do not have to schedule anything else through the horrible advocate scheduling system.
Now I will have to waste more time calling the central scheduling line (cause they only have ONE number for appointments) to reschedule my mammogram.
Average time making an appointment for me has been 20-30 minutes.
Worst hospital our family has ever been to.
They don't exist to take care of people; they exist to make money.
My wife took our son to the ER late at night and ended up staying until the early morning.
I've never been charged as much as Advocate charged me for any other hospital services at any other hospitals.
I called insurance, who said I had to call the hospital (of course).
I called Advocate and the woman who answered said negotiating was not allowed, refused to let me speak to someone higher up, and essentially threatened me with higher costs after saying my only option was to have someone audit the bill, which would potentially result in me paying even more if they uncovered fees they had missed.
On top of the ridiculous charges, (in my wife's words) the staff was absent the entire time my wife and son were in ER.
The doctors were unprofessional and inexperienced.
No one showed and ounce of care for their wellbeing.
I wish we had known better and driven up to Northwestern.
 Stay away from Advocate.
The care here may be good, but their billing practices are unethical.
My insurance has a $50 copay for specialist office visits.
I visited a Gastroenterologist for a colonoscopy consultation.
The doctor's office charged me $50 for the visit, which I paid without complaint.
The doctor himself does not have an office, so essentially I am paying his rent at the hospital.
Make sure if you go to this facility that they give you ALL charges up front, and in writing.
I have paid my bill in full and even sent proof of my credit card payment.
Oh, and they want it faxed because e-mail isn't something they are aware exists.
Nobody calls you back when you fax.
 My guess is that people in the billing department are too lazy or are not able to read.
 Anyways, I bet you will notice when I reverse my credit card charge.
Also, this is one case I wish their billing department was outsourced because there are some rude women who pick up the phone.
 I have talked to three of them and they might as well be the same person.
They are all full of attitude and unhelpful.
All they can do is read a screen.
I am guessing reading (and having an attitude) is the only qualification one needs to work in billing.
This hospital makes things too complicated.
Doctors here will send them in for 3 months, because they want you to come back for unnecessary checkins, wasting everyone's time and money.
The rep I have talked to on the phone doesnt seem to understand that people have work schedules, which means the doctors should be adjusting their work schedules to accommodate their customers.
Too bad if your Rx is out and they cannot refill it until they get you in - real good healthcare plan there, huh?
These administrators and doctors do not seem very bright, if they cannot handle BASIC customer service.
Skip this place and choose another doctor and healthcare provider.
I have been waiting for my appointment for over an hour now.
I have been a loyal patient and visitor of patients at Masonic for decades.
I would love to give 5 stars but in recent years I have noticed problems in some areas, particularly in the Emergency Room department : a lack of professionalism and compassion.
My advice to any patient is to ask for a supervisor or patient representative, if you have problems/complaints.
Masonic can't keep the highest standards if clients don't speak up.
Was in the Emergency room and Jonnie was my nurse.
He explained everything that was happening and even told me what to anticipate even before the doctors came in and saw me.
You can tell he really has what it takes to be in this field.
He was so caring, kind, energetic and funny.
He made my terrible situation brighter and I just want to thank him for all of his hard work.
 I have never met someone with so much compassion, knowledge and patience.
The wait was long but the staff was very friendly and helpful.
They found my problem and treated me accordingly.
The staff is awesome.
Claire was the nurse up at the front desk and she was fast.
She got me in the xray room right away while I was waiting for the room to open up, Katie was my nurse and gave me medication prescribed, didn't know my system to tell me what it is except a bruise and cuts.
I got hot by a bike today in the loop.
People r so ignorant on the streets.
The only negative is that the roo.
I was in had no tv and was out with in 3 hours.
It is so much better than northwestern where I still will be there.
As they continue to add-on, improve, and work on customer service this has become one of Chicago's premier hospitals.
Forget the reputation from the old days 30 years ago when I was a kid, this is first class and VERY comfortable.
I was here for a medical procedure.
Northwestern had a waiting list so my doc suggested this place.
Its a nice shiny new facility.
Initial registration seemed quick and easy.
It was for a colonoscopy.
They have a gastroenterologist who does all the screening exams so I didn't have to make an appointment with a doctor beforehand.
The day of the exam all the staff was on the ball.
They give you a full report with pics of your insides.
The prep they use is the stuff you dissolve in a gallon jug.
 I like that because I had problems with the other stuff.
The great hospital in chicagoI'm Here IN Emergency  RoomI fall from the stairs in my house this morningThey take care of meFast friendly and professional My kids born  here I'm in good handsThank you
Five stars for the nursing staff they're angels, they're also very responsive, patient and work together like a well oiled machine.
Same for the staff in the ER which was our first stop after midnight to bring in my mom, they also were very kind and asked me several times if I was thirsty or needed a blanket.
The residents are solid and explained everything to me regarding my mom's condition, I did have an issue with one when it came to the DNR form, which without going into exact detail I felt pressured to chose one selection, which I had them change the next day.
Parking is available in two garages, don't forget to get you're ticket validated in the main garage by the elevators.
 Maybe they figure you've been under enough stress, so they'll pop for the parking.
 The cafeteria is to be skipped I think they're cultivating the next generation of patients down there.
 If you do find yourself visiting someone here and don't know the area just hit the nearby on your Yelp app there's so much around here you won't go hungry.
This hospital has always been a good hospital.
 I don't know what the hell happened, but they disappointed me so much.
 It's not even the staff I take issue with, it's a service they discontinued sadly.
 I came in with abdominal pains.
 Everything went well, until discharge time.
 They said I couldn't leave until they can see I can eat and drink ok.
 So, they ran to get me some grub, I mean I was starving, I was there between 3:30 and 10 pm, right through dinner time, so I skipped a meal.
 I'm a diabetic, I can't be skipping meals.
 Anyway, I get brought 5 packs of gram crackers (loaded with sugar), a cherry popsicle (loaded with sugar), a container of Apple juice and a container of orange juice BOTH full of sugar.
 I was told I had to eat it or I can't be discharged.
 One of the nurses (not mentioning names) reminded me of their lunch box program there where they kept lunchboxes with a sandwich, a drink, and chips or something like that for times when a patient needed food.
 Some hair brained bone head took the lunchboxes away.
 So, instead of a sandwich, I had gram crackers.
 Instead of chips, I had a cherry popsicle, instead of a healthier drink, I was given orange juice.
 My blood sugar reading was 500 plus by the time I got home.
 That's it, put me in a coma so I have a real reason to visit, right?
 How unprofessional of you.
 Lets force a diabetic sugery garbage so she can go home.
 Whoever came up with this needs a serious tongue lashing and you need to bring back the lunchbox program.
 Candido, zero or negative numbers I used to rate illegal billing  practices.
Advocate Masonic Medical Center Billing Department commit fraud by charged me co-payment $250 for outpatient surgery that were not performed.
 Co-payment amount I am responsible for doctor office visit $30, but I got a bill $250, co-payment I am responsible for hospital outpatient surgery.
 My medical record must prove what doctor did not do me any surgical procedures; I did not use any hospital outpatient clinic facility such as hospital beds in preparation, and recovery rooms at 06/08/2017.
 I have been billed for services did not receive.
 Billing clerk, who checked me in, prior the appointment at 06/08/2016 instead of using a billing code for doctor office visit, enter billing code for hospital outpatient clinic visit.
 By medical billing laws, she must verify reason for visit, detail about my insurance coverage, and let me know about co-payment, I am responsible for this appointment, and other insurance coverage problems, in advance.
 If I had the information that I had been checked in for hospital outpatient and responsible for $250 co-payment, prior the appointment, I would cancel this appointment, or dispute it promptly, and easily solved this problem, before incorrect claim submitted to my insurance.
 I got this information at May 2017, when I received incorrect bill, and started the investigation.
Therefore front desk billing clerk, who checked me in prior the appointment fully responsible for this error.
I even suspect she use billing codes that cost me ten time more that I have to pay, to increase hospital profitability.
 From June 2017 when I received this incorrect bill first time, I have had numerous phone conversations with Advocate Illinois Masonic Medical Center Billing Department and Coventry Health Care Insurance.
 Billing department sent me to the insurance company, insurance to billing department; both of them refuse to fix this billing error.
When I called insurance company, they told me Advocate Masonic Medical Billing Department refused to fix this error.
I figured out that neither insurance nor billing department willing to fix this error.
Advocate Masonic Medical Billing Department commit fraud by charge me co-payment $250 for outpatient surgery weren't performed at 06/08/2016.
Front desk billing clerk, in order to increase hospital profit, illegal change my appointment status from office to hospital visit, that 10 times increase my co-payment fee, did not inform me about  this,  so I did not have any chances to dispute this illegal charge
My Orthopedist gave me a referral to a pain specialist, Advocate Health Pain Management Center, also located in the same Advocate Med Bldg.
I went to their office to make sure they took my insurance.
 And I was blessed to have Erin  take care of me.
 She came in and asked me in detail everything, that was  going on.
 She didn't rush me.
 And she is incredibly concerned about the health of her patients.
 I came in for a follow-up because I had a concussion from a bad fall.
 And she decided let's just do a chest x-ray, which was a brilliant idea.
 Because they found something they thought might be pneumonia where I fell.
 And at that point I told her I've had pneumonia before and I know what it feels like, and this is what it feels like.
 So she ordered a CAT scan of my lungs, the pneumonia went from one small consolidations it spread through my right lung.
 She is kind extremely smart, and patient and  calls back the same day.
 And you never feel rushed during your appointment .
 Again, I can ask the security guard (John) and the other nurse (Jennifer) to testify that my request was not out of place and his behavior was unprofessional.
 He actually was threaten me to administer me more medication if I did not listen.
 EXCUSE ME, I think the one who needed the medication perhaps was him.
 I am glad my ride came-in and left that place before taking more abuse and being billed for more time in the Emergency Room.
The ICU staff is really friendly.
 All of the nurses were very helpful and welcoming.
The staff answered every question clearly.
I disliked that it was always cold in the room and the parking rates were awful in my opinion.
I believe visitors shouldn't pay for parking.
The staff is friendly and professional.
I've been seeing Dr.
Klarquist for a long time and he is so awesome.
He also makes me feel welcome.
Sometimes the wait is longer than usual but overall I am satisfied with the services I receive.
Keep up the excellent work.
I've had several out patient procedures at this hospital.
The scheduling and check in procedure is very efficient.
I've had good experiences with lab test dept.
The hospital is clean and nicely appointed.
 The ER isn't the largest, it definitely needs much more expansion.
 Also, the hospital is in one of the busiest and hippest neighborhoods in Chicago, thus its always a medical party there.
Treat your body well and avoid all hospitals when/where possible, minus preventive care.
This post is directed specifically for the anatomy ultrasound department.
 I've now been here twice and the wait time before being seen has been astronomically long.
 First visit before the ultrasound was 2 hours and second visit was 1 1/2 hours.
 If you've got 3-4 hours to spare then this place is for you.
 They really need to reevaluate how they run their operation there.
 Maybe not schedule so many people for the same time be clearly they can't keep pace.
 Being pregnant and having to wait so long = one unhappy and cranky momma.
The most GROSSLY inefficient medical facility I have EVER been to.
 My husband was scheduled for minor medical procedure first thing this morning.
 Dennis and all were very friendly, professional, thorough, personable, basically everything a pregnant woman needs.
  I feel comfortable calling and asking questions, I never feel like an idiot or an annoyance.
 Outside of the the Dr's all of the nurses, lab techs, even the women who registered me are always so nice, genuine, and friendly.
  I love this hospital and I'm so glad that I will be bringing my baby into with world with all of their help.
I have visited this hospital a few times in the past 3 months.
 I visited ER, and then eventually a hospital stay for surgery.
 I have nothing but good things to say about every experience.
 I was always treated nicely and with professionalism.
 My hospital stay was amazing.
 I have no regrets, and will most definitely come back and recommend it to others.
I don't know why this place is getting such bad reviews.
 I think the doctors, nurses, and hospital staff are wonderful.
 I went in for kidney stones and it turned out to bit a bit more serious.
 Had to go in for surgery and I was treated wonderful by everyone.
 Advocate - you have a long time customer/patient.
My sister spend 2 nights here recently.
The good - the actual medicines they used were appropriate and effective at clearing her up quickly.
 The bad - absolutely horrible internal communication.
 Anytime she had to talk to a different doctor or see a different department or floor, they had no records of anything that happened so far and we had to re-explain everything.
 The presciption one doctor was sending did not got put with the others.
 Hours after she left the hospital, she noticed the prescription the nurse has JUST told her she needed, was not on the list.
 When she called back, they said they had no record of her even being in the hospital.
 They couldn't even really explain why she had to stay another night other than that is what the doctor said.
 She got better and the medicine worked.
 But overall an extremely frustrating experience when there is absolutely no communication between people or departments for anyone to keep track of what is going on with one person.
I went to Dr Dennis on the recommendation of a friend.
 I had a bad experience with the Advocate Illinois Masonic Group and Dr Dennis.
 First of all, Dr Dennis tried to diagnose me with a condition I don't have (Polycystic Ovary Syndrome).
 Also, I am not able to take the pill because of a blood clot problem but Dr Dennis really pushed that I get on a IUD.
 I don't want to be on the pill or pump myself with drugs and hormones.
 Condoms work just fine thank you.
 I don't think it's right for a doctor to push drug companies like Mirena on their patients, especially when Mirena is not recommended for women who haven't had children, which I have not.
So after my exam, and basic lab tests were done, I got a $500 lab bill.
 These labs were routine tests and since Masonic sends out lab work to a third party lab, my Aetna insurance wouldn't cover that type of lab work.
 I hope this helps other women, especially if you have Aetna health insurance, or some health complications.
I came through here back in February for an emergency shunt revision, and I must say it was one of the worst hospital experiences in my life.
  I am giving them 3 stars because, A)They DID save my life, and I was very happy with Dr.
 Kranzler's work and B)They were not frugal with the pain medication when I needed it.
As far as the hospital goes, it was a nightmare every day.
Usually I like hospital food, but it is the WORST here.
Also, they could never ever get my order right, and when they tried to fix it, it would take them over an hour.
Nurses do not know what the hell they were doing.
And couldn't draw blood on the first try to save their life.
 I spent 3 days in the ICU and 2 in a regular room.
After the surgery, they kept giving me the wrong pain medication, and it made me very sick, and I had to stay in the hospital an extra day.
 I barely slept the entire time they were there completely disrespectful of keeping quiet with their loud antics.
 I shared a room with another patient, and at 3 am, this Nurse comes strooollllling in, laughing and talking to her friend to take vitals and she took vitals every hour.
 So just as I was getting to sleep, she would startle me awake again.
 Aside from the surgery, I felt lucky that the Nurses didn't kill me.
I had a laparoscopic hysterectomy at Illinois Masonic back in January -- my very first hospital stay.
 it was a complicated procedure and by the time it was done, all the semi-private rooms were taken and I got a massive room all to myself (ironically) in the high-risk pregnancy ward.
 It was pretty deserted and the nurses were very kind and attentive -- even gave massages.
If I hadn't felt so lousy from the procedure, I'd have thought I'd checked into a spa.
Once they detemined that the morphine drip was making me sick and took me off it, I was able to enjoy the surprisingly good food (steak.
They even brought more Italian ice when I asked.
 My room had free wi-fi too, a nice surprise as I had brought my iPod and could lie there and surf the web when I got bored watching TV.
 I ended up being there for a whole weekend and was frankly sorry to leave.
All in all, if you have to stay in the hospital, this was a great place.
it was as easy and painless as these things can be, it seems to me.
  So this hospital, in general, is okay in my book.
My first grandchild was born at this hospital and Illinois Masonic is the worst.
 I wouldn't have my puppies at this place.
 Please if you love your family go to a better hospital.
I had a 4-night 5-day unexpected visit for an infection in my leg.
 The ER staff was superb; friendly and fast, they kept me informed and responded to my needs in a professional manner.
Once admitted, I was brought to the 5th floor where the nursing staff was, for the most part, incredibly helpful and  knowledgeable.
Two had an attitude that wasn't rude but was rather indifferent; compared to the nurses that really cared, these two seemed like treating their patients was as annoying or boring as packing a cheeseburger and fries into your bag at the local burger joint - Even an eye-roll or two at simple requests.
The rest of the nursing staff was superb.
They made every effort to do what was asked of them, faster than expected, and never without a smile.
 If you're lucky enough to have Anna as your nurse, make sure you give her the same smile back.
Nick, an NCT, was just as pleasant and helpful - he never failed to put a smile on my face.
The professional staff was above average.
The doctors were typically pleasant, clear, and took my needs into account.
My attending physician was confident, and very easy to work with.
Dealing with him was like being the new kid in school, standing around with a group of popular kids getting laughed at whenever you speak.
My questions were not taken seriously, my suggestions laughed off, and on top of that he used his dry humor to blow off a suggestion by and insult a very respected cardiac surgeon in my family.
While I am no doctor, I am very much a person who respects others in my line of work especially those whom I don't know personally.
When someone asks me questions, I answer them respectfully, and not by looking at my colleagues and cracking jokes with the smile of a high school bully.
As a Freemason, I was happy to find my brethren are behind a well-run, clean facility.
The nurses are very friendly, quick to respond to the nurse page button.
Rooms could use a make-over, more natural light and updated walls and such.
I was referred here by my school and although I have been successful in attaining the appropriate medication, I have not had the most perfect experience.
The staff is polite and courteous but not all of the doctors are.
Also, it seems that they milk their customers for money, demanding unneeded frequent appointments with the threat of discontinuing treatment.
The experience from beginning to end could not have been worse.
 I found that the doctors kept me in the dark and were completely irritated by me wanting to know what was going on and trying to have a natural childbirth.
Every time I tried to ask a question, they would get more and more agitated.
If you want to have a baby on their agenda and do every single thing the doctor wants you to do without knowing WHY the doctor is doing it, then perhaps this place will work.
At one point, the doctor said that my only option would be a c-section because I was refusing to take drugs .
 there was absolutely nothing wrong with me or my baby, the doctors just wanted to move on their schedule, and not my natural birthing schedule.
Really a horrible experience.
They were impatient and downright rude.
When it came time to be discharged, we were forced to wait over 2 hours for the results of a blood test because again, the test was done on their schedule.
Every single person I have interacted with, from check-in to lab-tech to pre-op nurses to surgical nurses to anesthesiologist to post-op nurses, has been friendly, professional, and caring.
When visiting for the pre-op lab work, I mentioned to the receptionist that one of my doctors had ordered a mammogram.
She asked if I had the order with me.
While I was getting my lab work, she entered all of the information, following up with me after my appointment to make sure she had all of the doctor information entered correctly.
She did this so that when I call to make the appointment for the mammogram (which is handled in a different area of the hospital), they would already have the order and all of the information in the system.
I felt this was going above and beyond.
I've been very happy with my experiences at IMMC.
Nicest, warmest and funniest staff ever.
A med student stitched the tip of my finger back on and I liked him so much he could've stitched it inside out and I would've been fine.
they could've gotten five stars if not for the wait.
but  between The Smithsonian and evening news (because it is so bias and rediculous) I was kept entertained all 6 hours.
It's not really their fault though since they can't control the amount of car accidents in an evening.
My injury was minor and I was treated amazingly cordial by people who deal with far greater tragedies all day long.
 You know your body best and if you feel something is wrong, keep pressing until you get some answers.
 These people's only concern is to make sure you don't croak on their watch.
this is by far the best hospital i have ever been to.
 I haven't been to that many but i had to go to this one last weekend after i fell down my friends stairs and broke my ankle and sprained my other one.
 EVERYONE here was nice and friendly.
 I was in a private room within 5 min of getting there and had my xrays taken within 45 minutes.
 My doctor was so nice and had a great sense of humor, How can he not laugh at someone that broke one ankle and sprained the other falling down 3 steps.
 i actually had to go back he day after to get some drugs that worked and my other doctor was just as helpful and friendly.
 She actually called me 2 days later to see how i was doing.
 What hospital does that?
 if every hospital was run this efficently and this friendly our health care crisis would not be as bad as it is right now.
 In my mind going to the hospital was going to be a horrible long torturing experience, but masonic changed my opinions of hospitals.
 if anyone hurts themselves, go to this hospital.
 thank you illinois masonic for making a painful accident into a somewhat enjoyable experience.
I followed up via phone and email and never received even a generic response.
Aftab , the anesthesiologist , introduced herself with a smile and walked me through the procedure in a reassuring voice.
Joseph Hospital was so friendly ( lots of smiles ) and professional I would highly recommend St.
Joseph Hospital to anyone in need of medical treatment.
Also , a shout out to my ( IBJI ) surgical Doctor , Scott Rubinstein , for a job well done .
Great customer service, from registration,triage, nurses and most importantly Doctors, they make you feel like family a real patient not like a number.
Had my baby here March 2015 and recommended it to all my sisters and friends.
Fantastic care, prompt to my needs, and comfort.
ER team, Nurses and all the doctors were incredible.
Their maternity team is made up of some of the most dedicated, caring, knowledgeable people I have ever met in my life.
Despite a very difficult labour (not their fault), I always felt like I was in the best hands possible.
During recovery, they repeatedly told my husband and I that we were family, and it entirely felt like that was the case.
I am so glad I decided to have my baby here, and would recommend it to anyone.
I love the Emergency Room.
It is brand new and very efficient.
I get in and out quickly and the care is efficient.
Neighborhood ERs are way too packed with trauma and little kids - Saint Joe's seems to run a tight ship and get you taken care quickly.
I came in early on a Saturday thinking I would not need an appointment for an EKG which is what I though my doctor referred for me but it was an electrocardiogram which I would need an appointment for.
 I was unhappy thinking I came out in the cold for nothing.
 However, Brenda, the lady doing registration that morning, I was only 1 of 2 patients in the registration area was a big help and was able to get me in right away.
 She was absolutely wonderful.
 If not for her going the extra mile I would have had to miss a day of work.
 Once upstairs at the heart center my wait was 5 minutes give or take and the procedure only 15 minutes.
 The assistant was very helpful as well and I was in and out and at home by noon.
 The experience was a nice one.
 The only reason for not giving 5 stars is that the carpet in the waiting room was filthy and had not been vacuumed ih who knows how long.
 That did not make a good first impression and an employee there actually commented on it, There's really no excuse for that especially considering how early I arrived at St.
 i have had probably 25 different people coming into my room for different reasons day and night, monitoring me extremely closely, all incredibly knowledgeable & helpful.
 i have had one even following me in the corridors late at night, to make sure i was not walking too fast lol.
They would not let me go before they brought in the cardiologist to check yet again for any blood clots.
 i am not easily impressed, but this time i was.
i went there for several different tests as well, always the same professionalism.
 the offices are brand new, super clean and very nice.
 so far, it has always been a great experience.
 Came here for a sinus surgery a few months back.
 The surgery center is new clean and impressive and the staff, upon check in, is nice.
 I couldn't have been more pleased with not only how great the surgery turned out, but with how nice the staff was who treated me.
 I felt completely at home with my Buckeye nurse, who let my family in pre-surgery.
Equally impressive,post surgery, the nurses listened to me in my request for ice chips rather than pain meds.
 Honestly my mouth just felt dry, and it was causing my teeth to hurt.
 Who listens to a drugged up person?
 Apparently they do, which I was thankful for.
 After check out they rolled me down to the entrance and my sister picked me up at the door via valet.
 I had an excellent experience here.
 The labor and delivery nurses were my absolute favorite, they were all very kind and knowledgable.
 I didn't even know how to hold a baby and they helped me out patiently with everything.
 I had a lot of visitors and they were all treated very nicely and patiently at the front desk when they came to visit my room.
 This was also my first time admitted to a hospital as a patient and I did not feel nervous at all.
I believe all rooms are single and you don't get wheeled around for delivery to another room and then to your room for rest, everything happens in the same room.
 Joe's and was pleasantly surprised by the experience.
The staff from registration through post-op were friendly, accommodating, thorough, and, most importantly, comforting.
My family was treated equally well by the staff and were thoughtfully considered throughout the process.
Please avoid this place and save your life.
Terrible facility overall that does not have updated technology and is therefore unable to adequately treat late stage patients.
Nurses are mostly indifferent (although some are good caregivers) and resident doctors have not learned bedside manners.
A venerable hospital has been acquired by a grotesquely incompetent company.
A friend had requested me to put a comment for this hopital on his behalf.
 He had a recent colonoscopy done at this hospital with Dr.
 Gluskin I beleived this month coming from Elgin IL.
 The Nurse was so wonderful and very friendly, as soon they brought him to the procedure room everyone was so wonderful including Dr.
 Gluskin was very nice and cares about his patient.
 It made him feel so relaxed as he was nervous at beginning.
 And had took him a while to make the appointment.
When he woked up, the nurse that released him was also very nice.
Day after he got a message from the hospital making sure that he was OK.
Then after 2 weeks he got a thank you card from the Manager and the whole stuff who work with him as appreciation that he selected their hospital from others.
 He would love to thank all of them.
 Guys/Ladies talk about world class customer service here.
 I been to so many hospital from the city to suburbs from what I hear from my friend.
I think this is fantastic hospital and it's worth doing your procedure or test to this Presence Saint Joseph Hospital, Chicago 2900 N Lake Shore DrChicago, IL 60657.
I was given a doctor's order (from Seton Family Health) for an ultrasound (US) and another order for a RhoGAM shot.
It is my first pregnancy.
 The staff made my husband and I wait for an hour while they tried to contact a doctor at Seton Family Health to confirm what was contained in my order.
 After waiting over an hour, some doctor I had never treated with told the staff at St.
 I was treated like a truant child who was forging a parent's note or worse, like some drug-seeking patient.
 I assure you, having an extra US for the heck of it was not part of some grand plan (nether was taking the morning off work and fasting for no reason).
 I simply followed my doctor's orders but St.
 Joseph did not respect or follow those orders and allowed a non-treating physician to cancel my appt.
 Joe's is a smaller hospital but the staff were warm and helpful.
 The radiology department has brand new digital imaging equipment and is certified by the American College of Radiology and the FDA.
Within 20 minutes I was done with my mammogram and happily sent on my way.
Overall the staff was top notch, the waiting area is peaceful with a nice view of LIncoln Park and parking was super easy and inexpensive.
I had surgery here and the surgical care is great.
I have psoriatic arthritis and my care at Northwestern University downtown was not good at all.
I've been there for a bee sting (allergic) and they were efficient and pleasant.
 A friend who has several health issues was taken there about 10 days ago by ambulance.
 He had severe food poisoning but was ok.
 He was given two prescriptions.
 The issue was it was like 1 am and the nearest pharmacy that was open was Diversey/Milwaukee.
 I asked the nurse if they could call the prescriptions in so I didn't have to drag my sick friend all the way down western, wait and come all the way back to lincoln square.
 The nurse was kind of flippant stating that's not something we can do.
  I explained my concerns and she said there's no way we can do that.
  At that point she got a smart ass remark about how phones work and we departed.
 I would give a 5 star if the nurse had tried to work with me.
 There is no reason for me to drag a sick guy all over the city when someone can pick up a phone with minimal effort.
I was sexually abused by an anesthesiologist at this hospital before he took me into surgery.
The staff treated my mother and my sister like animals.
 After my sister was admitted, our mother was denied access to see my sister as the front desk said she was unruly.
Then I arrive.
 I arrived because my sister called me and said she wanted to see me.
 Upon arrival, I am told that I cannot see her because of the way our mother acted.
 I insisted I had nothing to do with that.
 That the patient requested my presence.
 After questioning the rights of the patient, the nurse rolled her eyes at me and threatened to have me removed if I didn't sit down.
 At this point I know my sister requested to be transferred to Northwestern.
 The nurse said this would happen but not one of us would be allowed in the ambulance.
 Which is total hogwash.
 When I asked if we can be informed when the ambulance would be taking my sister to Northwestern, I got another Huff and puff and an eyeroll.
 Meanwhile my sister is calling and texting me that she wants to see me.
 I ask again what her status is.
 The nurse says she is undergoing a 'procedure' and again get threatened to get thrown out if I don't sit down.
 Apparently this 'procedure' is sedating my sister.
 Which has never been protocol any of the hundreds of times she has been admitted for allergies or asthma.
 When they finally say she can go home, they show me to her room.
 She was lying in a bed with blood and vomit.
They lost her $500 glasses she needs for a degenerative eye condition.
 The staff treats humans like animals.
 I will forever hate this place and still believe they ignored the patients right to a visitor.
 We were treated like VIP thumbs up to All the nurses and doctors who showed a real kindness and care.
special thanks to dr Meloul.
 As MANY have stated in the reviews, there are so many problems with billing.
 Right now, I have a hit to my credit score because Swedish covenant sent my account to debt collectors.
 When I received this notice, I called and paid the amount instantly out of fear.
 Then I looked back at my credit card statements and see that I HAVE ALREADY PAID THE ACCOUNT and even more than was even due?
 Even my portal (that I created online to pay the amount owed- which was a pain to create in itself) says that I have NO BALANCE.
 I visited here on January 1 because in New Year's Day nothing is open and I had a terrible ear infection.
 They didn't even diagnose me correctly.
 They claimed I had an outer ear infection, had me buy expensive drops, and then 2 weeks later of hearing loss & pain I went to my regular doctor.
 He said it was clearly an awful middle ear infection and nearly laughed at me when I said I had even gone to this hospital.
 Never coming here again.
 I have left countless voicemails to their billing department.
 I have now paid them twice the amount and can't get in contact with anyone to fix it or discuss why this happened.
  The care itself was good, but the billing department is just awful.
  First of all, we never received a bill and had to call to ask about it.
  We then attempted to pay our coinsurance four times.
  The first three times mistakes were made, including losing a check from our HSA, which was then cancelled because it took so long to be cashed.
  Once it was found, they refunded us our second payment, and also attempted to cash it.
  Because it had been cancelled because of being seemingly lost, it bounced.
  A third attempt at paying it, this time by credit card, failed when they forgot to run the transaction.
  We received a threatening letter and then promptly paid it again.
  A week after that we received a letter from a collections agency looking for the money again.
This is completely unacceptable practice.
  The care is good at this hospital from our experience, but it is not worth the stress of the billing department.
  After my wife has already called them more than 10 times, now we have to pursue things with the collections agency and with the billing department at the hospital again.
  There are plenty of good hospitals in Chicago.
  This hospital is not worth the aggravation.
The nurses here are disgusting.
 The head nurse (indian lady) in the rehab wing doesnt listen to protocol and goes into room that with diabetic patient with staff infection without facial mask, which is needed per precaution note on door.
 She took her patient care technician students in there as well telling them they dont need facial wear.
My baby was born in swedish 15months ago,i specially thankful for my favorite doctor randa hassan,she is very nice and corporative,my pregnancy was very complicated but she was handled very nicely,god bless her and thankful too staff.
The wait time sucked but once I was seen the doctor was kind and very helpful.
The care was great.
I loved my experience with the Nurse Midwifery Group and the Baby Centering program.
However, 95% of the bills that I have received from the birth of my daughter have been incorrect or flawed.
 I call insurance immediately and typically they have not received a claim or Swedish was not supposed to have billed me, etc.
As soon as I call the billing department, they acknowledge the error.
I love my midwife but I may go to Northwestern for my next baby to avoid these unethical billing procedures.
The people who work there seem very competent  but the reality is the place is a nightmare.
trying to schedule an appointment takes a team of people and it has to be done in person, in front of you otherwise nothing will happen.
 I had to physically leave my job go to the hospital talk to people in the department and then go to a different department to schedule an appointment.
 As I'm trying to coordinate these tests staff are just hanging around sipping their drinks, annoyed that I asked a question.
 There were multiple tests that needed to happen with no follow up regarding the results.
 I had to chase down a human to get results, bad, life threatening results and still no human is willing to talk to me.
 Horrible place, I regret going to this facility.
 Extremely Poor customer service.
Came today for a second degree burn was helped by tech  Michael O'shea amazing bedside manner funny made me laugh the whole time  he bandaged me up and made coming to the ER not a tragedy 10/10
Do not come here, I have been here for five days for my heart and lots of expensive tests and they have told me nothing.
 I am being discharged without a final word from any of the four doctors that have seem me while I was here.
The er diagnosed my pain as a ruptured ovarian cyst.
 Went to gyn for follow up she said it was too small to cause my symptoms.
 It was actually a gallstone.
 Seems an er Dr would know which size ruptured ovarian cysts would cause symptoms?
This place is ridiculous.
And for an extra shot of the old Swedish element - there is a nearby Swedish restaurant - Tre Kroner, that still exists - and is still good.
 Try the meatballs - after your operation.
The physicians are mediocre and non responsive- but passable given the location is better then going downtown.
 The billing and back office is awful.
 I left 5 msgs for billing.
 The answering machine says they return calls in 24 hrs.
 It's been weeks and I never heard from them and finally walked in.
 They miscode to insurance companies and for years, despite signing paperwork that I wanted imagining sent to my northwestern primary doctor- they never send it.
 In the midst of a snowstorm I became very sick and after many hours decided it was finally time for the ER.
The doctors diagnosed me almost on sight (they followed up with tests to confirm, but they were right).
I did spend a little time on a gurney in the hallway.
My surgeon was great and had a great bedside manner.
I woke up and rested comfortably until time for discharge.
I was served several meals during my time there and they were pretty tasty for hospital food, although they did not allow nearly enough cream for my coffee.
A day or two of rest at home and I was back to my normal routine.
I want to address one of the other comments made here on yelp:  if you are receiving medical care--anywhere--and the providers don't repeatedly ask you to confirm your symptoms.
This repetition is how healthcare providers avoid medical errors.
Every single person involved in your care should hear directly from you, the patient--not from other providers-- why you are there and what your symptoms are.
 If they don't ask you, then they are playing a game of telephone with each other, and that's how misunderstandings and mistakes happen.
I did have a few issues with billing--I had to provide my insurance card a few times (including once when a social worker came to discuss a payment plan), and several vendors have billed me since, stating that they did not receive my insurance information.
 Shaun and the Irish (just north of Belfast) nurse who helped in readjusting my boyfriends finger.
Thank you all again for your kindness and care.
One of the worst billing departments I have ever encountered.
 One would think a business would prefer to receive payments from their clients.
Must not be the case at Swedish Covenant since no one in their billing department seems to be able to answer a phone call during business hours.
 It must also be too much to ask to receive a phone call within one business day like their answering machine says.
 The staff here are excellent.
 All the nurses and patient care assistants were very compassionate.
 They made sure my father was comfortable.
 I have never been to a hospital that was so punctual and caring.
 Nurse Zoel and Raquel were amazing.
 They were so patient with all our requests and questions.
 They made it so comfortable to ask for anything we wanted.
 They made sure to make this stressful situation as pleasant as possible.
 Lilian, the patient care assistant went above and beyond for us.
 I appreciate all the staff on the fourth floor.
 There is no way I can show them our gratitude.
 Words cannot express the professionalism they displayed.
 Just don't have the nerve to let your staff utilize rooms while paying patients chill in hallways.
 It's disgusting.
 What's  up with the attitudes of the social workers?
 We get it, as mentioned above, you are busy but guess what?
 It's the job you've chosen.
When you do social work you deal with all kinds of people.
Some you like, some you don't.
You would be the first to tip a server shitty if they gave you attitude right?
You'd be nice to everyone if your salary depended on it right?
The biggest difference is that servers don't study to work in an industry that's supposed to help people who really need it.
Unless it's an emergency and this is the nearest place, look elsewhere for your health care.
Avoid this hospital at all cost.
Rude staff, poor communication.
The place is filthy.
 My wife was going here while pregnant and the Sonographer Noreen Rodriguez was so rude and nasty during the ultrasound that my wife began to cry.
 My wife asked to see the screen and the lady told her to wait until she was done.
 She noticed my wife was tearing and had the nerve to say I hope those are tears of joy.
 I was in complete shock by the way we were being treated.
 I wish I would have gotten up and left with my wife.
 I complained to management and they offered a free second ultrasound but the damage was already done.
 We changed hospitals on 1/1/2015 after a few weeks because we did not want to step back into this building.
Terrible terrible service.
 If you get surgery done here, and something goes wrong, be sure to expect no one to own up to their faults.
 They will blame you.
 Nobody transfers you to the right department, because they wont let you finish your sentence.
 Happened more than 5 times.
 On the phone with them right now.
 On hold, and they just shut the phone.
Our ER visit couldn't have been worse.
My wife got a fragment of glass stuck in her foot- we couldn't get it out so we went to SCH- ER.
Waiting was long.
They took an X-ray without a doctor's orders.
 When the doctor- Dr.
Anna Morgan- did finally show up she was surprised about the X-rays, then decided to look at them.
She did everything except really look at the wound or listen to my wife.
She didn't believe there was a fragment in there and sent us home with a tetnus shot and antiobiotic prescription.
 Mulvenna takes time to sincerely find out what is going on, how she can help.
 She is good with follow up calls, including calling back on her off hours when I was sick.
The experience I had at Swedish Covenant was less than professional.
 Test procedures were not communicated to me in a clear and  concise manner.
 I was informed that one test would be performed but two were conducted without my consent.
 I would not recommend this hospital.
So a few days after I wrote this review, we ended up in the ER with my son.
 This ER visit was so so so so much better than our  first visit.
 My 11 month old son had bronchitis and was struggling to breathe.
 The front desk worker was helpful and polite and we were seen after only waiting 5 minutes.
 The nurses that we worked with were all wonderful and attentive.
 Luckily for us, my son's doctor (the wonderful Dr.
 Johansson) was working the ER that night and was able to care for him but we also saw Dr Vasilakas and he was super.
 If every visit to Swedish was like this, I would give them a 5 star rating.
Unfortunately, Swedish is the closest hospital to my mom's house, so when you need an ER we always end up there.
 Otherwise we avoid this hospital like the plague.
 My mother recently had to be taken to the ER here.
 Not only did they refuse to allow my brother to stay overnight with her, they allowed some other patient to take her clothes in the middle of the night.
 He took my mom's shoes and shirt.
 They found the a*hole wearing her shirt.
 This guy had enough time to go through the few belongings my brother had brought with her, pick through them in her bathroom and walk away with her shoes and shirt.
Visited the hospital for a non-emergency test and everything was as planned.
 I got in on time without having to wait.
 The folks who administered the test were very courteous and informative.
 I actually enjoyed my time there in the hospital for the first time.
I was admitted in the emergency room after waiting forever until I was checked in.
I had a problem with my heart  and I am a cancer patient.
First nurse that I saw not even Hi or his whatever name he has asked me where is your veins I told him I get chemo you will have a hard time finding a good vein finally I saw a smile on his face.
My room was filthy the nurse walks in without introducing herself.
I was hooked up with the wires and I was advised that the doctor with come in any minute.
Guess what waited for one hour and i had to unplug my wires to call the nurse because she didn't give me a buzzer in case if I need to call her.
 I then received a call from the Pathologist's office at Swedish today  that our mail was returned due to our address.
 Turned out, they typed the wrong address in their system, and didn't bother to track me down (even though I'm listed in the phone book and they clearly had no problem taking down my insurance information).
I'm not saying to tell the ambulance driver to take you elsewhere if you just severed your arm, but if you're going in for a non-emergency visit, make sure you know your doctor there (I do know some good doctors there actually).
I spent Sunday evening here with my husband.
 The doctors and nurses here are very helpful and super friendly.
 If I ever need to go to an emergency room here in the city, I would go out of my way to Swedish Covenant ER.
 Luckily for us, this place is a 3 minute drive from our house.
 SCH is very clean, efficient and I knew my husband was getting the care he needed.
 This hospital is clean, state of the art, and their delivery birthing area and post partem area is just what a young family needs.
 Their food is decent also.
 I know that yuppies like us are drawn to Northwestern, but NW can be overrated and not that convenient to get to when you live north of Addison.
Mom had surgery here, plus two other admissions for dehydration while she was on chemo.
 The nursing care was usually excellent, but there are always one or two you hope you don't get again.
 It was usually easy to get questions answered while she was inpatient.
The scheduling, registration and insurance billing were a somewhat difficult to navigate - back and forth between the hospital departments and doctor's office to get things set up.
 Results of outpatient diagnostic testing and pathology analysis were not always communicated to the physician timely (once had to wait 10 days for CT scan result).
I went in to the emergency room last night and overall it was a pleasant experience.
 My name was called before I even finished my paperwork.
The nurse didn't make me feel like a dumbass for just being there for a toothache.
The doctor listened to me and my problems.
She was also super friendly.
I felt a little rushed, but it was 8 o' clock on a Saturday night and I didn't want to be there longer than necessary anyways.
Do not go to this hospital, while the doctors are fine, the billing department is an absolute mess.
No one gets back to you, bills are sent late and then to a collection agency after 2 weeks.
And on top of that every department in the hospital bills separately.
It also took them over 2 months to send my records to my doctor.
This was my first, and hopefully last experience with hospital ERs and surgeries, so maybe this is normal and if so we really need medical reform soon.
Unfortunately, i don't remember the skilled doctors and kind nurses, but the nightmare of the billing department.
I am having a hard time trying to figure out why people complain about a hospital collecting money.
How can they stay in business and keep their facilities up-to-date without money?
Sure they call when you don't pay, and they are also happy to make arrangements with you to make it as least stressful as possible.
That is reasonable.
The service at SC was EXCELLENT.
 I have been to every major hospital in the Chicagoland area suffering from several years of unrelenting pain.
The problem found and fixed.
My doctor had the courage to fix what everyone else was too scared to touch.
My only regret is that I don't live closer (I live 2 hours away) so that I could use them for everything.
The doctors are thoughtful and caring, as well as staff.
My comfort was their first concern the entire stay of 2 weeks.
Everyone had a smile on their faces and there was a noticeable lack of 'peacocks', aka staff with god-complexes.
Special kudos to the physical rehab unit.
The only suggestion I might make would be improved communication between departments, which is a problem I find in all large entities.
Swedish Covenant is about as good as you will get.
We've been to this emergency room twice and had good experiences.
When my son broke his nose they quickly x-rayed him and the doctor was helpful to explain what I should expect next.
We also took childbirth classes here, the teacher was helpful but the class relied primarily on videos - wasn't particularly helpful.
I came to the ER  last night around 9:00 PM it's now 7:30 amI'm still waiting to be seen.
Not good RUSH.
Amazing place to be at if you need medicalattention.
 It is not a place you ever want to go to but if you do the staff is top notch.
Completed my second level MSW Internship in the NICU and Mother/Baby Unit under the Care Management/Social Work department in May 2019.
 Great experience where I was able to use my skills learned in the classroom on real life situations.
 I was also able to attend a few staff meetings to learn how to properly complete and administer SBIRT Screenings, and presentations on compassion and now to interact with patients.
 I was also able to shadow and help out on different units (PICU/Pediatrics, and Oncology).
 Another experience I gained was being apart of an interdisciplinary course.
 Myself and other interns were in an intern support group.
 The group was helpful at times and I liked being able to learn about the different Social Work roles in a hospital setting.
 I hope for future interns the group is more consistent and taken seriously.
 It definitely added to and increased the learning experience.
 Every patient I interacted with had positive statements about Rush and the services offered.
 I also had a friend say the same thing.
 He was happy to receive prompt and efficient service.
 If you're wanting to gain experience from a inter and multidisciplinary staff this is the place to do so.
I have been living with Multiple Sclerosis for 10 years now and have been a patient at the Rush MS Clinic for six.
 I decided to check in and share my most recent visit as I believe I am receiving great care from neurologist Dr.
The MS clinic gives me confidence in the knowledge and genuine concern for the progress of care and the search for a cure.
 I spend a lot of time at hospitals and medical centers, I appreciate cleanliness, professionalism and easy navigation from parking to office.
 I can understand how trivial that may sound but walking distance matters when steps become a luxury.
I appreciate the time, research and constant consultations made with doctors (from other hospitals) as most are not familiar with methods of treatment for MS.
I feel blessed & highly favored to have so many doctors in one place focused on the one thing I need the most.
Had a horrible time with Kidney Transplant Program.
 Horrible level of communication.
 Timelines all were exceeded as they explained would be.
 Then when I communicated my displeasure with program and communication , I was dropped from the program.
 If you want a place where you effort in being an advocate for yourself is placed at the for front .
 Don't go to Rush.
 If you ok with being a byproduct of your doctor's timelines and expectations.
Went to the dermatology department with a bad skin rash/infection/irritation.
 Was supposed to have an appointment with a senior member of the staff that was an expert in dermatology.
 Instead, a resident spent 20 minutes with me and then the senior doctor whom I Came there to see, did little more than come in and shake my hand and their advised treatment and insight helped very little.
 On top of that, I got stuck with a $250 bill even though I have a premium insurance plan.
I was told that they accepted my Blue Cross Blue Shield insurance on the phone but when I inquired in advance, but they changed their tune when billing me.
 I'll NEVER go back.
 There are much better hospitals that don't charge you hundreds of dollars for a consultation with a resident and screw up on what insurance they accept.
Had an appointment for my son with a pediatric neurologist after he suffered a seizure.
 When I arrived for check-in I was notified that my son would have to wait to be seen until after the registration department verified my insurance.
 My appt was at 1:00 pm, by the time they were able to verify my insurance it was 1:45 pm.
 At this point a front desk representative informed me that I would have to reschedule because the doctor was with other patients.
 Very disappointing that they care more about making sure they get paid than the health and well being of a child.
I believe its quite appalling that a hospital that treats both patients and staff like disposable garbage could remain in business so long.
 Actually they have probably continued to grow because they overcharge patients and add a nonsense fee wherever they see fit.
 ZERO STARS for customer service and billing.
If I go to Rush with an order for a test in my hand, why is there so much confusion with the staff?
 The doctors dont know, the nurses dont know, and my time, money, and patience is lost while they try to figure it out.
 Once I make a complaint to the rude nurse, he places the blame on other staff and the physician instead of figuring out the situation itself and being apologetic towards me.
 Can you please hire more mature nurses?
 Or at least train your doctors and staff to get things figured out before bringing the patient into the room.
Rush Medical Center used to be great, what happened?
Skip this hospital.
 Get treated in a place that cares about you, not your wallet.
Go here if you need any kind of specialist.
 Some of the docs lack bedside decorum but get past that.
They didn't go to med school for like 33 years to hold your hand.
They know their shit and you will receive a quality diagnosis.
This hospital is one of the best in the nation for orthopedics and neourology.
I was unhappy with Dr.
 Millikan, his bedside manner was rude, short and he acted as if was wasting his time when I had a real and genuine concern.
 I had to ask him questions VS him giving me any detail on what could be wrong.
 He walked out, left the room door open and never sad Bye, have a nice day, nothing, just walked away.
 I had to find my way back to the front desk myself.
 I would never use him again nor recommend him to anyone.
 As a patient they took care of me when I was admitted.
 As with my kiddos they very helpful to keep them at ease when they visited the ER for the unfortunate event but glad it's all over.
 I'm just saying its an awesome hospital.
 Beside the fact that I work there too.
Got a gigantic bill with no prior warning.
 Also, lost one of my lab specimens and charged me for it.
If you have standard health insurance, you'll pay a co-payment to see the Dr.
 (depending on your plan) and a facilities charge of $135 just for the privilege of being at Rush University Hospital.
The insurance may cover some of the charge, but expect to pay above 50%, no other hospital I've used charged $135 to get the service there.
And you wonder why insurance costs are out of control?
I've had chemo treatments here twice.
 Nice facility, fine doctors, nurses, staff.
 I have experienced numerous frustrations with scheduling between departments, slow pharmacy and miscommunications.
 I think there need to be efficiency experts making sure all departments communicate and coordinate services and keep patient experience first.
Not much to say about a parking garage.
 Convenience, security, and price basically.
 This garage is part of the Rush Hospital complex, so it benefits from their security.
 I've been in this garage after midnight and still haven't felt unsafe.
 If you're using the garage for Rush, it has an elevated, covered walkway for each of the medical buildings.
 And the price is good, too.
 They sell $5 parking stickers in groups of five.
 I park here whenever I come to the city, regardless of where I'm going.
 A park here plus a CTA ride is still cheaper than most other parking options.
Great staff,  very anestheticly clean hospital overall.
Offers massage therapy for Oncology patients as well as regular massage  appointments.
Worst experience I have ever had at a doctor.
 I have a rare bone disease that the doctor knew nothing about.
 Despite trying to explain the condition he decided he knew better.
 I went in for extreme pain and I was barely able to walk.
 His solution was to try exercising more for two months.
 I could barely stand but thought I would try physical therapy.
 It turned out the doctor sent me to his friend that runs a rehab clinic.
 Of course all of this was out of pocket.
 So if you like spending tons of money with absolutely no improvement in health, check out Rush Orthopedics.
Fantastic hospital.
 Excellent service.
 Treated way better here than at Northwestern.
 Highly recommended.
This has to be the slowest and most uneducated group of healthcare associates around.
 Came in for an emergency room visit and saw the doctor one time in a 6 hour timeframe.
 Nurses do not communicate with one another, wasted a lot of time on social media websites.
 However the one star goes to the woman who works through the insurance information.
 Never coming here again.
Rush University Medical Center Sports Medicine is the best around.
 Would not even consider another practice.
 I would however, like to comment on the scheduling dept.
 Tried to make an appointment for my daughter for over 1 month - Alea - I think that was her name  in scheduling kept promising me she'd call me back once she got the ok from another dr in the practice, that the new requested dr could see her.
 apparently they do not see each other's patients.
 The last time I spoke with her I explained the difficulty I was having getting an appointment.
 She again promised profusely that she'd call me right back.
 Never heard from her.
 I want to have my daughter see the best surgeon possible but the scheduling department is making this quite difficult.
 I am now going to call the drs office directly and complain more loudly until I get that appointment.
Great staff.
Great attitudes.
A great place to go.
Rush is the only hospital I would send my friends and family.
 Hands down the best in the city.
On Monday evening, the boyfriend came home to me curled up on the floor, crying because I was in so much pain.
They may have good inpatient services, but avoid the ER like the plague.
It takes forever to be seen, the equipment in the rooms is old, their procedures are out-of-date (according to my nurse mom, who was with me), and the nurses don't even take the time to tell you who they are or what they are doing (or why they are doing it, for that matter).
I think the only reason I was seen so quickly on this visit was because I was bleeding through my paper towels and starting to freak out the other patients in the waiting room.
I was taken back to an orthopedics room, and given a cubby with an extremely uncomfortable chair to sit and wait in, and I waited forever.
A nurse finally came in, looked at my finger - bandaged it back up, and told me a doctor would come in eventually.
A doctor showed up, told me there wasn't anything he could do; no stitches but I was granted a teatnus shot.
Some freaky intern showed up to bandage my finger, and when he was finished - it looked like something my seven year old cousin would have done.
only he could have done it better.
They never asked about my level of pain, or whether I would need anything for it and sent me packing with a prescription for something I already had at home in my medicine cabinent.
Davies has been a pleasure.
 The reason for the 4 stars is parking/getting to the parking lot or valet can take forever, (but at least they offer valet $$), and the hours are very much during everyone else's working hours so you always have to get out of work early or go in late for an appt.
Gorgeous new building and the old one is getting upgraded too.
parking is difficult and costly but the doctors and staff more than make up for the inconveniences.
First time writing a review because I am so upset with this hospital.
 I had gone in for relatively minor issues in dermatology and orthopeadics.
 Each time there was a ridiculously long wait and I got literally about 5 minutes of the doctor's time per visit.
 The real zinger was when the bill came.
 I have insurance, and the bills were approx $300 per visit.
after the insurance adjustments.
 Mind you these were very simple things; I was not getting surgery.
 My issues are still not resolved.
 All I got from Rush was a depletion of my savings account.
 I literally spent thousands on nothing.
 Go to Northwestern.
 I received much better care and a reasonable bill from them.
 All that Rush knows how to do is double book and double bill.
From Pediatric floor to Transplant floor.
I have been a cancer patient here since I was a sophmore in highschool and I am now turning 22.
Rush is a great place to be and believe me like any other hospitals they have their fair share of mean cold hearted doctors and really friendly and caring doctors.
 You have to realize that this hospital has more than 1 doctor specializing in your disease and ask for that doctor to work with you.
 Keep switching doctors until you find one you really like.
I have leukemia and I've always been on the pediatric floor.
There are two places I go to.
 Paul Kent and his co-doctors and staff are amazing.
 They are truly genuine when it comes to taking care of you & that's just in the clinic.
The pediatric floor in the hospital is also amazing.
 There are two play rooms,computer room, and a constant staff of friendly faces to keep you company.
 My mom has always stayed over night with me in the hospital.
 They always give my mom breakfast and there's a kitchen on that floor specifically filled with basic food for patients and family members.
It's A great floor to be on.
 Anyways After a few years of chemotheraphy.
 it did not work so I had to get a transplant.
The transplant floor is completely different in the sense of growing up.
 Meaning no Play Room for me.
 But still a computer area and books and puzzles.
 During tranplant I had to go to a different clinic and a different floor to be treated.
 I was given new doctors and a new team but I love it just as much.
The clinic staff are just as amazing as the Pediatric clinic and the transplant floor was interesting but it a good way.
 Fung has his co-doctors are truly just as caring.
 At first i thought it was boring because I was with a bunch of older patients.
 I would walk the hallways and see people in their late 40s.
 I felt lonely but  my nurses and family kept me company.
 My nurses became my friends for the whole month I was there and they continue to write me cards, now that im out.
 All in all the doctors are great, the nurses are great and besides an old room and gross hospital food( I hate all hospital food) Rush is amazing.
 I still go to Rush and if you've been there lately you would see the new remodel and additional buidlings they added.
 My experience as a cancer patient has been great.
 Rush introduced me to several organization that helped my family a lot.
 Make a wish, Look good feel good, Bare necessity, Leukemia Society and many more.
 Even the cleaning ladys are nice and the transportation staff.
I want to give it five stars just because the medical staff here is wonderful and extremely knowledgeable, but I can't.
  I recently delivered my lil' bundle of joy in June and my hospital stay after giving birth was uncomfortable.
 How uncomfortable is that of feeling kinda gross and trying to bond with your baby when there's another patient in the room with all her family and friends visiting?
 The staff tried their best to make me feel comfortable, but I just couldn't.
  I know this may be a bit TMI but how am I supposed to get this whole breastfeeding thing down with the baby when there are a ton of family and friends from the other patient in the room.
  And I'm sure she felt the same way when my family stopped by to meet the baby.
The staff stated that this has never happened that every room was double occupied because they had a large number of births this week.
They tried getting me a private room but by that time came I was already discharged.
 Again the medical staff was GREAT but I just could not get over the fact of being in a small semi-private room after just giving birth.
Not private at all and extremely uncomfortable.
Great Caring staff, and great facilities.
I'm reading all of the bad reviews and am bewildered and confused.
 Always got follow up call from nurse day after.
 No billing issues.
 I called a few times to clarify my insurance questions beforehand, always receiving accurate advice.
 No crazy, surprise bills.
 Refreshing medical care this day in age.
 You guys are awesome, I'm forever grateful to you.
I delivered our daughter here on February 7th, and it was truly an amazing experience.
 Every doctor, nurse and staff I had encountered were very professional, kind and caring.
 The only person who made me feel unwelcome was the person who was taking my order for the meal on the phone (gave me some attitude and made me feel like I was doing something wrong.
 I felt very comfortable and sincerely cared, and when I had a hard time nursing, some nurses took their time to explain and help me out as much as possible.
 I would definitely have another delivery here if I get pregnant again.
 I really want to sincerely thank everyone who helped us out in this journey.
 It is partially my fault that I never noticed them missing until the discharge time, but I was in a labor and in pains afterwards, having a hard time adjusting to a new mom life.
 When I was going to prepare for the discharge, I noticed they were missing and the nurse tried to track them down but they were nowhere to be seen.
 Who would steal delivering woman's boots when it is snowing outside?
 We were really disappointed this had to happen in the end, but still the great experience I had here outweighs this misfortune.
 I just wanted the hospital to know someone is doing this and they should probably track him/her down.
We had our newborn son delivered here and it was an amazing experience.
 They made us comfortable.
 Educated us on every step of the way and the doctors were world class.
 If you have a kid on the way you have to leverage Prentice.
The most horrific oncology care I've ever seen , the most horrific care to a pancreatic care terminally ill patient according to the staff it's acceptable for a patient to be in horrific pain on a scale from one to ten they consider a 4 to be just fine .
 So shocked this hospital has such a high railing .
This was truly the BEST place we could have imagined for our pregnancy and delivery.
 I am a physician, and I think am a bit more judgy, and the staff and nurses and experience here were just above and beyond.
This review is regarding our pregnancy, delivery, and immediate postpartum care at Prentice Women's Hospital.
 During pregnancy, we went to triage twice and were treated quickly, our concerns addressed, our physicians communicated with, and everything was done appropriately and efficiently.
 Elvia was a specifically good nurse.
 All care in triage was great.
In the postpartum time, the two days after delivery, the care and especially patient education was so great.
 Val was our nurse most of the time, and her her the whole team provided prompt care, answered all questions, and provided such great education that we as first time parents needed.
 While nurses are trained in lactation advice, lactation consultants are available upon request and were so helpful.
 The view and food was also unreal for a hospital especially.
 I still unintentionally refer to it as a hotel.
Finally, the actual labor and delivery process was truly unbelievable.
 All the nurses, staff, residents the we had were professional and respectful of our choices and desires and experience.
 My wife had premature rupture of membranes, and had to get Pitocin due to this and the timing.
 She chose no epidural and there was no pressure whatsoever to do otherwise.
 All medical aspects, but also personal and emotional aspects were addressed and respected perfectly.
 We had a doula, and the staff worked wonderfully with her.
 Liz was our nurse during the entire process and we were SO happy she was able to be present for the birth.
 She was truly UNREAL and such an amazing person, and amazing at her job.
 While applying monitors and troubleshooting as needed, she respected my wife's contractions and pain, and her need for a shower, bath, change in positions at any time.
 She was truly a huge part of our experience.
 Our baby had swallowed meconium, had a nuchal cord, and they calmly addressed all of this and our baby girl was perfect.
 After delivery, the day nurse (I can't remember her name, unfortunately) was amazing as well.
 She patiently cleaned my wife up of all the blood, went through self-care tips, and was truly wonderful with her.
 I cannot imagine a more intense experience, and were so happy to have had a truly respectful, kind, attentive staff that provided great medical care but also addressed the personal aspects of this experience.
I had the worst experience at this hospital for giving birth.
 They were understaffed and just terrible.
 I came in on a Friday in labor, it was Memorial Day weekend and so many things went wrong.
 The anesthetist had to put in my epidural 3 times because it kept falling out and the first time they had to do it twice because they messed it up.
 My OBG is from Northwestern Women's Health and her name is Dr.
 She induced me and was about to leave.
 Mind you I had to pay a hefty fee to deliver with this doctor/ hospital.
 She wanted to go home for the weekend and had plans.
 Anyways I was too far into it for her to leave so she stayed, I didn't even push for that long when they opted for a c-section I don't feel I even needed, (there was nothing wrong with the baby or me).
 Just I was 'taking too long' aka my doctor wanted to go home.
 Anyways I went along with it because I didn't know any better.
 My spinal block for the c-section was messed up.
 I was numb from my ears down and completely paralyzed.
 I couldn't feel my chest so it felt like I was suffocating.
 I couldn't even open my eyes or hold my daughter after she was born.
 After the surgery the nurse was pushing very hard on my stomach despite not having received any pain medication which was awful, I get they have to do this but apparently someone forgot to give it to me.
 Then over the next few days, I rarely ever saw a doctor (and I never saw my OBG again for my entire 5 day stay at the hospital), and occasionally saw a nurse.
 No one answered the call button half the time.
 I was having horrible migraines and all the nurses said was 'we can't give you anymore pain medication', never even saw doctor.
 One time I was in a lot of pain and no one was answering the call button and it was over an hour past due for my pain medication and my husband had to go out and look for someone, there was not one nurse on the floor to be found.
 He had to go to security and have them find a nurse.
 After I return home a few days later I am still having really bad migraines so I call Northwestern Women's Health associates (where my OBG is ) and told them about my migraines, they said they will call the anesthetist and call me back in half an hour.
 They never called me back.
 At the same time I also had mastitis and so we went to the ER because I was in so much pain.
 It turns out I had spinal fluid leaking from my spine (a spinal headache) from the botched spinal block.
 All they needed to give me to make my headache temporarily go away was caffeine tablet which is over the counter (the only thing the nurses told me at the hospital was 'I can't have any more pain medication').
 I then had to have a blood patch after this.
 This was honestly the worst experience I have ever had and it has put me off wanting more children because the whole experience was  so horrendous and I can't imagine having to go through that again.
 I did try emailing them a few months after (It's been 2 years) they called me once and left a messaged, I tried calling back a few times but they never got back to me.
 So long story short, I don't recommend having a baby at this hospital or going to Northwestern Women's Health Associates for your OBG.
I will never deliver another child at Prentice/Northwestern again, I had a triplet pregnancy and it was the WORST care and treatment.
 The NICU nurses and even the residents for maternal were unprofessional and at times seemed very insensitive.
 In example, after the C-section, they do encourage you to walk more.
 I had a TRIPLET pregnancy and it was beyond painful for me to even stand up, I did not even see the babies immediately after they were born and I asked more than one nurse to take me to intensive care (NICU) to see the babies and was told I should walk up myself or they seemed irritated when I would ask for help upstairs.
 as if they were too busy to take me up in a wheelchair to see my newly born sons.
 The staff there are not the most competent, would also try to give me medication and would not even know what they were giving me upon me inquiring or had no knowledge of the fact that I was given certain medication when that should be easily looked at in their notes.
 Some flat out insulting and rude in the NICU heavily monitoring me and my fiance because they seemed so threatened by BLACK people, I didn't see them overly cautious with other parents of different nationalities in NICU.
I was most offended that upon discharge, one of the nurses made it her business to inform me that I could not take TWO babies home in one car seat.
I don't know if I was informed of this stupidity because I am BLACK and perhaps I looked to ignorant to comprehend one child needs their own car seat, but .
SPOKE TO management on that one.
My entire stay all the way to the delivery and post delivery has been nothing short of a nightmare.
 Too many different nurses seeing the babies, and of those many nurses very few of them being consistent with information being passed along from the doctors, lack of communication with parents when babies are staying in the hospital for weeks.
 I am still receiving bills from the hospital due to the stupid protocol they have to put your child's name under the mother's last name during delivery, and even after letting them know the babies would have their father's last name (which was on the birth certificate).
receiving astronomical hospital bills directly to me instead of my insurance due to not being able to verify the child's name.
I told them in labor and delivery to stop putting the incorrect last name on all their correspondence, nurse tells me it doesn't matter.
 Each time, I happen to have been assisted by a young man who works at the registration and scheduling desk.
 He is the most thoughtful and kind young man you could meet.
 I trust the providers here with my life.
My daughter is 3 years old now.
 Healthy as can be thankfully.
 I look at my previous review and am taken back to the stress I felt then.
 Almost all of my anger from that time has faded, but I still feel like we were in a bit of a baby factory where they bring you in and churn you out.
 After speaking to a number of pediatricians since, they always say we should've never been allowed to leave the hospital as my daughter was at risk.
 With that being said - the nicu had a great group of people and all is well now.
I had gynecological surgery here.
 Maybe the OB side is better, but I found nursing dismissive.
The overall experience was top-notch.
 The delivery suite and overnight room were both hospitable.
 Food service was a little slow during peak hours but was tasty enough, as far as hospital food goes.
 Most importantly, the nurses were amazing to the max.
 Many thanks to Bailee, our delivery RN, and Ann and Jessica, our postpartum RNs.
 All three did an amazing job caring for baby and mom.
I've yet to receive the most expensive hotel bill of my life, but it was worth it (methinks).
 And many thanks again to the wonderful RNs and staff at Prentice for making our life-changing experience truly unforgettable.
I have to give credit where credit is due and I remembered the name of the nurse that cared for me.
Thank you nurse Freitag, you are a true gem and blessing to any woman that walks through the doors of triage.
This is a top notch facility with friendly and helpful people.
I had a mammogram and ultrasound, went early morning, everything was completed by 10:00am with an appointment that started at 7:30am.
The wait times were minimal.
The Mammogram was difficult because I had some pain issues but the person handling the test, was SWEET, professional and considerate.
The Ultrasound tech took her time, explained what was happening, was very thorough and considerate.
Radiologist was very knowledgeable and took the extra time to examine something I was concerned about that was NOT in the breast area.
 I'm rather annoyed by how bad those reviews were and that's why I'm posting.
I've had three procedures here and each one has left me nothing but satisfied.
 I recently delivered my second child there and the nursing staff in postpartum were superb.
Extremely breastfeeding friendly and each of the nurses went out of their way to help me learn how to nurse my daughter - which I will forever be grateful.
The only complaint I have is the Pediatrician that saw us during our visit - Dr Newman I believe was her name.
She was abrasive, loud, rude and unprofessional.
 From check-in at triage to recovery I had an absolutely wonderful experience at this hospital.
The staff, nurses, doctors and everyone else we came into contact with was kind, patient and helpful.
I honestly wanted for nothing during my entire stay and somehow lucked out with a lake view room for both delivery and recovery.
Also the food was awesome and super convenient to have it delivered to my room.
It was such a great experience.
We got stuck in kid's Nicu for 5 days for no good reason, most likely because we had good insurance.
 There was a couple next to us who didn't look very well to do, their baby had a cleft lip and a circumcision done, they were gone in 24 hours.
 Our child had a bit of a breathing issue that was gone overnight, but we were kept here for 4 more days of poking, prodding and unnecessary tests.
 They took a blood platelet test that came back low, so that made them take more blood for a test to see if there was any infection going on.
 After they drew blood for that they were made aware the initial test was flawed, took a new one, and he was fine.
 Yes, you can say bye bye and walk out, but then the insurance will stick you with the whole bill, so you are stuck playing ball with these crooks.
 So after getting out of this gulag they still insisted we follow up with an appointment with their ENT specialist, who said there were no problems whatsoever, so another waste of our time, and one with their blood specialist, even though they realized their first test was flawed.
 We went to Rush pediatrics, babies blood platelets are fine.
 They will over test you and your baby under the guise of trying to look out for your best interest, and you are stuck playing their bullshit game or you have to pay the full amount.
We had a different nurse every shift, we didn't have the same nurse twice in 5 days.
 Most even told us that we didn't belong there, our baby was fine, but it's up to the doctor.
Go to Rush, the staff there are great.
I was here for an ultrasound this week and had over an hour wait time to see the doctor.
Normally, I wouldn't mind, but when you have to fill your bladder for the procedure, it's uncomfortable to have to wait this long.
I was also discouraged by the reason for the excessive wait- they did not have my order form from my physician.
I don't understand why this record cannot be retrieved online (as my physician is a part of the Northwestern Hospital system) or why they failed to tell me that I will need to bring this form with me.
I overheard two other patients in the same situation (no form, having to wait for fax from physician).
I delivered my son here and could not be more impressed with the experience.
 Everything was perfect down to all the wonderful extras (heated blankets whenever needed, extra bed for my husband, attentive nurses, amazing infant beds to examine him when first born with space for my husband to watch and enjoy him while the nurses checked him out, large screen tvs with Bose speakers) anything you could want and need for your delivery was provided with a smile on.
 With my 32 hour labor, I spent a good amount of time here and my experience could not have been better.
 Thank you so much for the happiest day of my life and making the day(s) with you so special, i could not ask for anything more.
 Oh and the menu/room service was impeccable-i was sad to give it up when it was time to go home.
 So much choice, the portions were huge, timely delivery and so tasty-restaurant quality.
I had my baby here on July 3rd and it was a great experience.
I was admitted for observation to figure out if I had preeclampsia on July 2nd so I was in the ante partum unit, then I was in labor and delivery, and lastly I was in post partum.
I am terrified of needles and everyone made me feel at ease, the L&D nurse even came up with a little sock contraption to put over my IV so I wouldn't have to look at the needle going into my skin.
I was really nervous about the whole process and everything went way better than I ever expected.
The cranberry and ginger ale mixture when you are in labor is delicious.
Also, try a popsicle if you're offered one.
As far as food goes, the lasagna, mac & cheese, strawberry shortcake, vegetable crudite with ranch, chicken kebabs, baked potato, green beans,  and denver omlette are good.
Don't get the Bread Pudding.
The only negative for me and the reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because the day after I had my daughter I hemorraged and my bed was a mess.
I understand the bedding not being changed right away because I had a catheter and was confined to the bed, but once I was free to move around I called the nurse and she did not change my bedding for over 4 hours.
She was obviously putting it off until her shift was over so the next person would have to do it.
Other than that everything was great and if and when I have another baby it will definitely be at Prentice.
Terrible experience.
The lady working the desk in the waiting room refused to page our midwife when I was gushing blood and 8 cm dilated.
We were forced to then wait 25 minutes in the waiting room while I was bleeding.
Then I was finally checked into triage by a very cold and dismissive nurse.
She immediately left us to find us a delivery room.
Nobody else came to check on us for 20 more minutes.
Staff seems overworked / frenetic pace, not what you'd expect at this premier' hospital.
 Me and my Admiral have an understanding.
If you're looking for a quick lunch cafeteria style but want to stay away from Northwestern Hospital, give this place a try.
 It is much less crowded which is a big plus but the food variety is also not as broad.
But, the food is good, cheap and the environment is hospital like but hospital light.
 Here, I'll count the ways:Your rooms are amazing, your amenities are to-die-for, and the chicken pot pie on your room service menu is a must have for any new parents.
 The nursing staff on the post-partum floor.
 After having a c-section, we were in the hospital for a full five days.
 In those five days, I cannot even count how many nurses we had on that floor - partially because of the pain medication that I was on, but I digress.
 I do remember three nurses who were incredible.
The entire experience was pleasant (except the contractions).
Everybody was so understanding and helpful.
My nurses were amazing and so sweet.
They made me and my baby girl feel so special.
I felt like I was the only one in the maternity ward.
The entire process from triage to delivery went smoothly and quickly.
I was very impressed and happy with my entire experience.
The rooms are very clean and look new.
 I do blame it on the hospital.
 I think the hospital rushed the whole procedure.
 My water was not broken at the hospital.
 They broke my water, gave me Pitocin.
 They did everything trying to make me give birth at their pace (which is probably within 24 hours).
 Unfortunately, my baby and I are slow moving people.
 I end up having to do C-section because the Pitocin stressed the poor baby out too much and almost put him in serious danger.
 I suppose I should have read up more about decision during labor.
 I didn't know what each decision they make for me imply.
 I should have known breaking the water means I must give birth within 24 hours.
I will never have a baby at Northwestern Memorial Hospital.
 The nurses are dumb and rude.
 I was there when i delivered my first child and they were treating me like crap because i will not give my baby formula.
 HELLO breastfeeding is the best thing a baby could have, they were just so rude.
Avoid the psychiatric unit there.
 It's very large.
 There is fighting, screaming, gang members, mean and racist techs.
 They taught us nothing.
 The daily schedule is a big lie.
 I imagine it is much like jail.
 It was the scariest experience of my life.
 Without a doubt a real live nightmare in the psych ward.
 Fake therapy schedules, the catatonic co-mingled with criminally insane, co-mingled with a normal girl who broke down.
 My friend was admitted here Christmas Day, by ambulance and against her will.
 Admittedly an er stay and a cooling off with a talk therapy ending would have done the trick most likely .
 But she was taken into custody and forced to sign herself in.
 I went to see her on her second day, and she had not spent more than 5 minutes with a psychiatrist whom she never saw again.
 First told she was being prescribed a light stabilizing med, then never received it.
The next major complaint was food.
 Being vegan, my friend realized getting a complete vegan meal may be impossible.
 A dietician visit gave her hopes, but the next meal and each one thereafter were nowhere near vegan.
 Maybe 300-400 calories of food were vegan.
 She wasn't allowed shampoo or conditioner, etc etc The place was filthy and nothing worked properly.
 This is worthy of a short story, or essay for public radio.
 I warn anyone thinking of committing someone here, for god sake, choose another facility.
 Do your homework.
The only positive thing I have to say about the situation is that there were some kind, intelligent, and caring folks working here from my visiting experience.
I had a CT scan scheduled for yesterday, Oct 11, 2018 @ 2pm and was asked to arrive 15 min early.
 So, my husband and I arrived at 1:15pm due to the time restraints of the train from downtown Chicago and the bus from Division/Ashland to St.
Everyone that works here is either incompetent or very rude.
 i have been here 3 times now for different reasons and every time the employees there don't seem to do anything quickly if at all.
 then to top it off they send me a bill saying i don't have health insurance when i do and i have tried multiple to give them the information.
 and for not caring about my physical or mental well being.
Whatever you do, stay away from this hospital.
 If you truly care for your loved ones do not put them here.
 In my many years of seeing hospitals, I have never ever encountered a place like this before.
 Rude, unsafe, unrespectful.
 The area we were in the nurses wouldn't even call the patients by their first name just Room Number).
 Overnight security would be sleeping on the job.
 Oh and activity posters around the floors that state what activities are for the day don't really happen.
 And if you aren't told when the doctor arrives and you aren't in your room they skip you until the next day.
 These are only a few things off the countless list.
Did my training here and have been a visitor.
 Easily accessible by bus and CTA train.
 Not too hard to navigate the hospital.
 Friendly and helpful staff.
 Cafeteria has good food at fair prices.
 I would go to SMN over many other hospitals.
My best friend/roommate, in his early forties, came here with acute pancreatitis the Thursday before Memorial Day weekend.
He had had it before and we assumed it was the same thing.
 ER doc noticed extremely high triglyceride levels (not noticed the first time,) and he ended up being admitted to ICU, where he spent the next three days.
We were obviously scared - ICU sounds terrifying, especially for that long.
He was uncomfortable and worried, but the staff there was absolutely amazing.
I have to point out his nurse Vangey (I'm sorry if I spelled incorrectly) was great.
She explained everything to both of us, and when I called the second day to check in, she actually remembered my name after meeting me only briefly the day before.
 All of the nurses were great, but she stuck out.
He was transferred to the 10th floor out of ICU and there for two days, and while I didn't meet him, his night nurse was Will and he said that he was amazing as well, going above and beyond to help him out.
Being in the hospital is never a fun experience, but thank you to your staff of nurses for making my friend's stay bearable.
You all have extremely difficult jobs, and we wanted to let you know that it truly is appreciated.
Also - he's doing great.
this is for the medical center around the corner on oakley blvd:finally sucked it up and changed doctors.
 i came here for years, and every time i called for an appointment they would always try some business about being a new patient and needing to wait for a new patient appointment.
 final straw, last week tried to get an appointment (after having a full pre-surgery work up done in june 2015) and was informed that it had been so long since i'd been seen that i would have to wait days for a dr.
 accepting new patients to be able to see me.
i didn't realize that 9 months of not being ill equated to not being able to receive medical care at a facility that i've went to for the past 7+ years in a timely manner?
 waiting 4 days for an appointment and being told if it's that bad i might just have to go to the ER is absolutely unacceptable.
 how often do you need an ANNUAL check up if you're not sick, clearly more often than once a year here?
when i did finally get into the office 3 days later, the receptionist had set me up for the wrong appointment type, instead of what to treat me for was actually wrong.
 then after i told the nurse which lab my insurance required me to go to, she gave me the paperwork for a different lab and told me it would be fine.
went to the lab, obviously not fine, had the wrong paperwork.
 when i finally got through to the nurses station and told them they needed to fax the correct form, they didn't put me on hold and i could hear them complaining in the background about me.
 fast forward 9 days after my appointment and they still hadn't received the results from my lab work, nor did they bother to follow up and get it from the lab.
The staff was friendly enough but I brought my friend in to get a few stitches and it took over 4 hours.
 There were only a few other people in the waiting room but they made us wait and wait and wait with no explanation for why it was taking so long.
 Not only that but it was freezing inside in the middle of summer.
 Next time I need to use an emergency room I honestly would go somewhere farther from my house because this experience left a very sour taste in my mouth.
 All he needed was stitches.
 Honestly I really felt bad giving a 2 star rating because I have never done that on yelp but this was ridiculous.
 Many nurses and employees hanging around but nobody could give us updates on why it was taking so long.
 Nobody even checked on us.
 When they finally came the service was good but it shouldn't have taken that long.
After a horrendous experience at the hospital,  I was contacted by a hospital representative who said they would investigate and respond by the end if the following week.
 Three plus weeks later and I have received no feedback.
The care received was fine, but after setting up a payment plan to cover the ER visit, I am now being referred to collections for an additional charge for whatever reason.
 The explanation was, that the large bill I set up payment for was just the hospital bill, and that now I need to pay the Doctor's bill.
 If I go to a restaurant I can just pay the bill at the end without having to go pay for the chef's hour of work separately.
What an asinine practice.
I was reminded of this place today, and felt a need to contribute and do a public service no matter how few people may see this.
Avoid this hospital at all costs.
  No hospital is fun or pleasant, but this place is filthy, much of the staff seemingly uncaring, and the care is highly questionable.
I still cringe every time driving by that stretch of Division St.
 or nurses have been treating and taking care of her during the week are amazing.
 The weekend is here now the the staff is horrible.
 When you ring the station they hang up on you.
 I also found out that there is no set visiting hours that people can visit any hour of the day or night.
 I've watched and listen to patient call for help and no one comes to there aid.
 The staff gets louder and its sounds like they're at a bar or night club.
 There are quite a few people that are employed here that are very unprofessional .
 When you ring the nurses station and you tell them what the patient needs they hang up on you.
 Back in the day they would say I'll send someone there to you.
 Another example the nurse ask the aide to come and the aide replies rudely saying oh you'll just going to wait until I get there.
 The first and last time I was admiited to St.
 Mary's Hospital was in 1979 to give birth for the first time, and from my experience I never came back.
 Hopefully they will clean up there act here before this hospital ends up shutting down.
 For the Drs, Nurses, Aides that are talking care of my family member I give them the 5 star.
 But as for the lazy unprofessional they get no star.
 Hopefully someone higher up at this hospital reads and works on getting this cleaned up.
Went in with a back spasm today.
 Not only was I in and out of the ER in record time, the staff, nurses and doctor were competent, nice, funny, people.
 The doctor actually took the time to listen my concerns about medications and worked with me to get something that would help me and not knock me out.
 This has not been my experience at other ERs in the city.
 I was listened to, felt everything was explained to me properly, and felt taken care of.
 The team of healthcare providers working  at the Saint Mary of Nazareth Hospital ER are stellar.
I don't understand why an ER with 30 rooms/cubes has to put everyone in the main waiting room (sick and not sick people).
After going through triage .
they put you in the waiting room in order to get seen by a ER.
 While waiting with my daughter, a little girl threw up  .
 and then a lady in a wheel chair too.
No dignity for her .
everyone got to hear and witness her suffer.
It's just inhumane.
If you are that sick they should keep you in the triage room until an ER room opens up.
I felt horrible for her.
At that point I just wanted to get my daughter out of there and over to Northwestern.
The facility is updated and ER rooms adequate.
I just don't understand their procedure for where the sick or other people brought in by ambulance (as my daughter was), have to wait.
I suppose if you are bleeding you get bumped up and seen right away.
I'm sorry but I won't go back to SMSE because of that.
If you want a hospital you can sue afterwards this is the place.
I worked here for 8 years and I NEVER had a doctor here I was a patient here once because I stupidly cut my finger and had to go to the ER and even being an employee I got crappy service.
 I could have lost my friggin finger according to my dr I saw at advocate.
They're priority is MONEY not patient care which sucks for the patients.
I say stay away, they keep trying to upgrade to attract the newcommers to the neighborhood but that's not helping them get better.
Find another hospital this one blows.
 I was born here almost 70 years ago, through I don't remember the experience.
 A few years later, I had my tonsils removed, this I remember.
 From the time my mom got me there to the sticking of my finger with a sharp pointed metal point, it really hurt, for blood, to the way the doctor and nurses held me down while another doctor put a mask over my mouth and told me that I was going to see Mickey Mouse.
 There was no Mickey Mouse, they just flat out lied to a little kid.
 I hated the place.
 And when I woke up, they wanted me to eat ice cream.
 I told them my throat hurt and I wasn't going to eat any ice cream.
 So if you want to be born there, I guess it would be alright, but don't have your tonsils out there, because there's no Mickey Mouse in that mask, you just fall asleep and wake up with a sore throat.
  The ER doctors are jerks who do unneccessary tests that'll run your bill into 5 figures.
  The family practice doctors are inexperienced, sleepy, and overworked residents who nod off during appointments, lose your test results, blame the computer system, and bill your insurance anyways.
  More importantly, they don't know their assholes from their elbows when diagnosing anything more complicated than strep throat or a urinary tract infection.
  Oh, and if you don't have insurance, you'll pay triple what insurance providers get charged.
  These people misdiagnosed a potentially major illness I had, which left me vomiting nearly every day and with constant nausea for nine months.
  The GI specialist, Dr., lost all interest in me after the upper endoscopy came up negative - followup visits brought accusations of mental illness.
  Eventually I sought a second opinion at Northwestern.
 Mary & Elizabeth told me that they would send my records to my new doctor, which they never did.
I was properly diagnosed at Northwestern within a month, and cured with inexpensive medication.
Again, unless you are bleeding from a severed limb or have some other desperate condition that will result in death without medical attention within the hour, DO NOT SET FOOT IN THIS HOSPITAL.
Yelp shakes down small businesses:  http://digg.
com/food_drink/Yelp_offers_to_remove_bad_reviews_for_monthly_fee
I don't really care for the way they treat their patients there, I went in for an ultrasound and NST test, well the Ultrasound tech  missed half of the ultrasound and when I got to the NST they sent me back downstairs and the woman was on her way to lunch and very upset she had to redo the test on me, she wanted me to wait for 1 hr until she got back, but since I had already been there all morning up and down, I said no and wanted the test done there and then, well it backfired, she did it in such a rush, she sent the wrong report to my doctor, and my doctor thought my baby's life was in danger and I was called the next day and was told we had an emergency and they wanted to deliver my baby 8 wks early.
 luckly my doctor called them to flip out on them and they had different results than the ones that were sent to her, so we caught the mistake and my baby gets to finish growing inside where she belongs.
Needless to say I am actually scared of stepping in this hospital.
My mother in law has been there for the past week.
 I have to say the care has been good and the staff has been friendly.
 She was diagnosed with cancer and the doctors have been really good about keeping us informed and have had very good bedside manner with her.
 When I went to visit there was a very long line to get a visitor pass.
 I was expecting the worst but when I got to the front of the line was very friendly.
 She couldn't find my MIL- but we were able to figure the issue.
 The next day I got her again.
 She recognized me and we joked a bit.
 The doctors have been very good at explaining what is going on.
 I am pleasantly surprised.
  When she first came in through the ER- I was trying to convince her to go to Rush or Northwestern as she has insurance.
 However she insisted she wanted to go there as she goes there for everything.
By far the worst hospital.
 My boyfriend and I waited 9+hours.
 When he went to see how much longer the man stated I'm not sure have a seat and be patient.
 Seriously the staff was rude from the moment we walked in.
 Not a very nice security guard.
 Does not belong in a hospital environment where people are hurt and are in pain.
 I understand people are hostile but, I, personally, simply wanted to know how he was doing and if he was alright and he told me I could not sit in the lobby and yelled at me for leaning on a bed in the ER.
 It's 23:52, people are tired, you have far worse worries than someone trying to relax.
 People are coming in on ACID that I was talking to.
 This guy needs to be replaced with someone more hospitable or transferred to a place with no social interaction.
I had an appointment in the Pain Clinic to see an acupuncturist.
 I arrived 5 minutes before my scheduled appointment time and registered at the desk.
 I waited one hour and fifteen minutes and I was not seen.
 I decided to leave and reported this at the desk.
 The woman seemed surprised and stated that a number of the practitioners did not come into work so there was only one person seeing patients therefore long delays.
 It would have been better to receive this information when I arrived instead of on my departure.
 I might have been more forgiving and rescheduled.
 When asked if I wanted to come back on a different day I said no.
I went here to have a fibroid removed, the surgeon told me he did not remove all the fibroids, but that the one he did remove weigh over 10 lbs.
 I had to beg them to remove it.
 I had to complain to management for him to remove it.
 they claim it was not medically necessary.
 after the surgery he came in my room and ripped out the stitches.
 I had to be treated in home care by rush nurse who dressed the wound until it healed.
 later I had to go to rush do have a procedure to end the continued heavy bleeding.
Worst experience ever.
 Appointment for wisdom tooth extraction at 2pm so I arrived at 130pm.
 Didn't get called back to the room till 330pm.
 Had to have 4 wisdom teeth removed/extracted.
 Surgery was performed by a resident Dr.
 If you don't know what a resident Dr.
 is it is basically someone who graduated medical school but still in training to learn how to do whatever they are trying to specialize in.
 After realizing he was just a resident I was worried about the procedure and how well he would be able to perform.
 He numbed both sides of my mouth with lidocaine needles that hurt a lot and then proceeded to remove the teeth on the side of my mouth that was giving me least of the issues even though I stated multiple times it was the other side that was worse.
 He was not able to extract the tooth and was having a very difficult time and started becoming agitated.
 As was I, obviously because of the drilling and pushing and pulling and raking.
 They need to understand that the procedure is worse for the patient than it is for them but of course many new grads who gain the Dr.
 credentials become self centered and cocky.
 After about an hour and a half he was finally able to remove one tooth then proceeded to the next and had a tough time with that one as well.
 Then asked if I still want the other side wisdom teeth removed and I said yes obviously because that's the one that I stated was giving me most of the issues initially.
 He wanted to give up because he was having such a hard time but I already went this far so I may as well just finish the procedure and deal with the consequences later.
 Well when all was said and done I was given a piece of paper with some after care steps and a few pieces of gauze.
 I definitely needed more than that as I later realizes when in my car and oozing out about a pint of blood from my mouth.
 The pain was excruciating after and I'm sure it was because of his lack of experience.
 Beware that this is a teaching hospital so these drs are just practicing and learning on you.
 If I could reverse time I would have paid the extra money to see a professional.
 It was definitely not worth all the hassle and pain with going to this hospital.
So I came here for a wisdom tooth extraction and it went amazing.
 Way more amazing than I expected.
 The place isn't the most cleanest but come on people, it's the county where the low of the low goes what do you expect?
 The wait time both times I have came has been 15 minutes after my appointment scheduled, no later so that's fast for a place like this.
 The staff was very friendly helpful and the surgeons who worked on my mouth introduced themselves.
 Specifically the Nurse Joven who explained to me the care before surgery and after surgery was very helpful with explaining what foods I should and should not eat and cleaning my extraction sites.
 I had 2 wisdom teeth removed and was given anesthesia to sleep.
 One of my teeth were impacted and lying flat on the nerve and the other grew upright but not enough room in my jaw for it.
 I was told I would have short term memory lost but I remembered everything the nurse told me before but I don't remember falling asleep for surgery or even waking but my boyfriend who waited in the waiting area for me says that I was very cheerful afterwards.
 My appointment was at 10am and  at around 11 I was put on IV to prevent dehydration and then the surgery started at 1pm and my boyfriend says I was out by 3pm.
 Way shorter than I expected and not much pain.
 Great way to get your teeth out.
 Also days after not much pain besides the usual and I still have all my tastebuds and other sensations which is a possibility of being lost after a surgery like this but I am telling you, the team did a great job.
 I would love to thank them all.
 I haven't been happier since I got those teeth or.
We went here with my cousin to seek medical care and apply for medicaid.
Yes they will attend to your medical needs but definitely you have to be extremely patient when it comes to the point you check in to the point the doctor sees you in the Emergency Dept for non-emergency care
Father had a radiation CT scan appointment, and I had to miss work to bring him only for us to wait an hour for them to tell us the machine needs to be fixed now.
 Come tomorrow and miss another day of work for their mistake and callousness-as if this isn't difficult as it is.
 Also, my sister mentioned that this is the second time they do this because it happened to her too when she brought him previously.
 Overall, this hospital has been good in terms of treatment.
 The oncology department doctors has been amazing along with the infusion team.
 My father has been treated very well during these years he has dealt with cancer.
 Wait times are long and not considering the patients schedules are definitely the most upsetting things here.
 Apologies don't fix anything when these situations are the rule rather than the exception.
 If the hospital or department (in particular radiation) knows they need to fix machines, why not clear the schedule prior to OR if it's unexpected, have a back up CT scan room?
This seems like a good time to update.
 Since my last review, I have probably been to Stroger no less than 50 times, having had many treatments for cancer and, may I add, successful ones.
 That includes two day surgeries; so never an inpatient, which in itself is amazing.
 The staff is organized, and they manage to move everyone through here with ease and grace.
 It is sometimes difficult to find your primary contact person because any number of specialists may be involved, or see you for your follow up care.
 But you will encounter lots of kindness (an often elusive quality outside of their walls,) in our big careless, selfish and impatient town.
 Professionalism and quality healthcare.
 I hope this is the last time I have to wake up in recovery with crackers and apple juice, but that's not because of the company.
This hospital has indeed improved over the years.
 I was there visiting a friend and I can say that the rooms where clean and so was the bathroom (Thank goodness).
 security actually do their jobs and ask for ids before you are allowed to go up and visit a patient.
 No complaints about the nurse staff, they all seemed friendly when I was there.
I understand that when having a medical emergency I must wait hours to be seen, but I was sent to several different areas of the waiting room by staff who did not understand where to put me and wanted to hand me off to other staff.
 Then another 3-4 hours of more waiting, despite having what I thought was a cardiac emergency.
 I wasn't bleeding, and there was no one to take my EKG is what I was told.
 I understand that Stroger has to take care of every single piece of human waste that comes in the door, but why do they have to leave the entire place covered with human waste and not clean anything?
 Blood/poop/unknown bodily waste smears on floors, toilets, glove dispensers, walls, every single wall.
 Blood splashes on areas where hands go.
 Dried waste smears on the emergency cord in my bathroom.
Sometimes I had a question for a nurse attending me, and I politely asked her and she would look at me in the face, ignore me, and leave without saying a word.
 I was not asking stupid questions.
Doctors were very helpful and polite, as were student doctors.
 I had to wait 22 hours to get any food, as the kitchen would be closed at various times, or the nurse would go off duty who was supposed to bring me something to eat.
And yes, at the very end I got conflicting reports of how to leave and when my medication was coming, nurses and doctors alike were confused about how the hospital operates and I left without my medicine because a nurse had forgotten to retrieve it.
 The same nurse that sprayed my blood all over the bed when she took out my IV - without gloves?
And yes, when it came time to sort out my Limit Of Liability, I had to submit my paperwork several times, my caseworker lied about what paperwork I needed to resubmit, I finally wrote to the Law Firm that was trying to collect from me, giving the entire paper trail and and caseworker's name.
 It finally was sorted, nearly a year later, and even though my low income granted me a free several day stay at Cook County, I would gladly have paid a reasonable amount if the cleanliness and organization had been there.
 Swedish Covenant writes off one ER visit a year for everyone in the city last I knew.
 I still may go back if having another medical emergency, I just wish I put my health first and didnt have to consider if it was worth my time and anxiety to go to the county hospital.
 Not all county hospitals are like this.
 The radiology manager who did the interview.
 Was unpleasant , and very disturbing .
 He made statements and was argumentative during the interview .
I went to visit a friend that was in an accident in intensive care.
 She had several visitors throughout the day.
 Apparently, they can only give 6 passes for visitors in ICU.
 which is fine, but they don't stress that those passes need to be returned.
 They are just pieces of red flimsy paper.
 I checked with the nurse who said the waiting room was empty and that there were no visitors visit my friend except her mother.
 This woman who gives passes named stella accused us of sneaking in and took our red passes.
 But i must say when you walk out you really feel like you've accomplished something.
This is proof of why we need improvement in our healthcare ASAP.
 I hate going here like nothing else.
 Usually I am uninsured , and I cannot afford normal care.
 I've been here only once, and I rather go to my hometown's low income clinic (which is a 3-4 hour trip) than here.
 I give it one extra star because this is our version of universal health care.
 yes, there are a lot of people.
 yes, some areas are dirty; and yes, some of the staff are downright rude.
it does not change the fact that it is free health care for the broke, unemployed, uninsured, and no-other place-to-go people that live in this city.
i have been here twice (once ER, another time with an appt) and both experiences were kind of rough--but they took care of business in the end.
 it is an up-close look at the problems in society right now--and also what some hard-working people are doing to help, one person at a time.
go to stroger if you understand:-you have more time than money-you have patience and understanding-you appreciate that you are going to get treatment for cheap or free-you will wait hours and move through lots of lines-you might get angry, grossed out, and frustratedotherwise, i say if you think it is such a horrible place, don't go.
my complaint is about the parking garage.
  i went to visit a uncle who was admitted to the hospital.
  It was my first time at Stroger but however you wrap it, it is still the County.
  So I pull into the parking garage, visit with my uncle and attempt to leave.
  When I pull up to the attendant I notice a sign saying that credit cards are not accepted.
  I had four dollars and change in my purse.
  I had to park my car again, walk back into the hospital and pay a fee to withdraw money to exit the garage.
  I had and could have been prepared to show my drivers license with the card?
  What a hassle.
Emergency  waiting area is usually pretty packed and dirty however if your a student looking into getting some hands on experience in whatever area of medicine you are interested for this is the place to come.
 This was the worst medical experience of my life.
 Very rude, uncaring, uninformed staff.
 The nurse couldn't even take blood pressure.
 She had to do it twice on me and the person ahead of me.
 The woman at registration took about five minutes to penpeck my name into the computer and hardly spoke English.
  I came in with severe shaking chills and a high fever.
 They wouldn't take me in the walk-in because it was after 3:00, so they sent me to the emergency.
 I waited six hours as I watched my fever rise and watched everyone who came in after me get seen before me one by one.
 I don't know what they were all there for - there were literally hundreds - but many of them were chatting on cell phones, eating fast food, talking, laughing.
 Something seemed very wrong.
 When I hobbled up to the nurse if there was any way I could get through faster, she literally screamed at me to sit down.
 I left without treatment.
By the way, the only reason this hospital doesn't have a one star rating is because people who work there and have never been on our end of things are rating it 5.
Um I dont know how can you say this hospital is free.
 I went there 2 months ago, for  just a check because i thought i have hernia but i  wanted to make sure.
 So i go there, i wait 5 hours, i finally meet the doctor, she touches around my stomach for 3 seconds and says i do have hernia.
 And that i need surgery.
 She tells me, that they will call me soon to set up an appointment for my hernia surgery.
 Then they call me in 2 days and tell me my appointment is in 4 months.
YES, 4 months and in a different hospital which is 2 hours away from my house.
 I wanted the surgery ASAP, so i dont have to worry anymore.
 I eventually ended up in General Luheran Hospital, where i applied for financial aid before the surgery and they covered almost everything.
 Plus they made an appointment for my surgery in a week.
 Not to even start with how much BETTER that hospital is, that you cant even compare them at all.
 And i didnt pay 1 penny.
 And now im getting $250 bill from John Stroger the free hospital.
 They didnt even check me with ultrasound like in Lutheran hospital.
 They didnt do nothing.
 Now im setting up monthly payments with them and it is so annoying.
 The girl on the phone is horrible and so mean.
 Go to Lutheran General Hospital in Park Ridge.
Dr here was great, very thorough and as she reviewed my gramas chart asked lots of important questions both related to the issue we came in for and beyond.
I was happy with this clinic and would go back.
Thankfully they have a small affordable parking garage, by the hour.
If you are a Northwestern patient, they have all your records.
 If you are looking for a smart, kind and patient doctor, he is your man.
 Also, the work staff at the facility are all wonderful.
 I had to go in on a Saturday for bloodwork and they were booked until 10:45.
This meant that I would have to fast until then.
They easily slid me in and got in and out w no problems.
I have a new insurance.
Before making an appointment on their website, I had to add my new insurance plan.
So I make an appointment to get a physical a month in advance.
Then I go to the appointment at the Belmont location and they say I see you have a new insurance, can I see your new insurance card.
I show my new insurance card and she said oh we don't accept that insurance plan.
If you have a new insurance call them to make sure they accept it before making a fucking appointment on their fucking website.
Against my better judgment, I came here even though I knew people who have been misdiagnosed when they came here.
The staff is friendly, they are able to take you quickly but what's the point if they'll mis diagnosis you?
They told me I had a viral infection and I couldn't be in close proximity to people so I called work and had to take off the rest of the week off, I ran into my neighbor- who is a nurse and told me she didn't think their diagnosis was correct and to call my doctor.
 I did, told her what they diagnosis me with and she thought it was strange so she stayed late and took me after her last patient.
 I didn't have a highly contagious viral infection, I had an ear infection.
 So thanks to their lack of properly diagnosing a person, I lost out on 3 days of work because work found someone to replace me, and now I have two medical bills I have to pay with money I don't have.
 Oh, they also didn't call me with my results, their patient portal isn't updated and when I called and asked for my results, I was told someone would call me.
 It's been almost a week and nothing.
This clinic is the worst of lousy, overpriced and HARMFULLY INCOMPETENT American health care and its byzantine bureaucracy.
I went for an ACA-covered annual wellness exam.
I needed to change my primary care doc because my old one moved.
The new doc didn't listen and had an agenda of $elling pills and potentially harmful treatment, rather than listening to what I needed to tell him.
No listening or critical thinking skills.
The visit was bad from the time I arrived at the clinic.
Northwestern had lost all my insurance info because of an IT system change.
 Check-in clerk blamed my insurance and me.
Nurse was impatient and rude.
Then doc was rude.
Took my elevated BP and immediately announced I needed to go on meds.
Doc tried to sell me more unneeded meds with side-effects.
Ordered unneeded tests that aren't covered.
Improperly coded the tests I needed.
My cholesterol ratio is 4-1 because good (HDL) is high because of a lifetime of intense aerobic training/sports.
 Doc wanted to sell me on cholesterol meds, rather than help me deal with unwanted weight gain/poor sleeping/muscle stiffness due to work/life stress.
Billing was wrong with added and creative CPT codes.
After talking to my insurance company, I went to NMFF offices at NMH within days resolve personally.
Still not addressed.
Put this place out of business.
Chubby little doctors want to get all gay male patients hooked on Truvada as PrEP, even if the patients already play safe only (if at all) and have been through the first AIDS crisis.
Truvada has side-effects.
Veinipuncture can't be billed under separate CPT code when you draw blood for test.
A test to see why someone who trains regularly is having more muscle tightness/poorer recovery/weight gain than usual should not be coded for obesity.
And when you go for a colonoscopy when you turn 50, you don't bill for TWO colonoscopies because two hyperplastic polyps are removed during the procedure.
Northwestern arrogantly claims it's kosher.
Time for regulation of providers, not just insurance companies.
I recently paid a visit to NW Immediate Care for a case of strep.
I cannot say enough about the care I received at this facility.
Sure, I had to wait an hour and a half.
Seriously, I didn't have a life threatening condition and was perfectly fine with that.
It sure as hell beats waiting a week to get in to see my PCP.
So, immediate care for me is being seen within a reasonable amount of time or the same day.
For all of you who complain about having to wait or feel so self entitled to being seen immediately, pay for concierge medicine.
And yes, the front desk did do a fantastic job in triaging cases.
for instance a one-year old with a high fever got higher priority and was consequently seen before myself, which I was completely cool with.
Stephen Playe was my attending physician.
The dude's great at what he does (trained in emergency medicine).
very thorough and efficient and has a fantastic sense of humor.
He figured things out rather quickly, explained everything, and sent me on my.
They electronically sent my script to the pharmacy, so the drugs were waiting when I arrived.
The clinic even followed up with me twice after my appointment to check to see if I was still alive.
If you have realistic expectations, assuming you have a non ED case, chances are you'll have a good experience here.
I went this past Sunday to Northwestern Hospital's new Immediate Care Center on the North Side.
I was seen by a doctor with in 5 minutes of walking in the door - now that's FAST.
My copay was the same as if I had a regular doctors appointment (verses $75 at an urgent care center or $150 at an ER).
The staff were very nice.
Today they called me to see if I needed any follow up.
I could not be happier with the fast, friendly and efficient service I received.
The Center is staffed by licensed physicians and emergency medical technicians who are trained to evaluate and treat a variety of medical conditions in both adults and children.
Wonderful asset to the neighborhood.
This facility is clean, quick, well-run, and the staff are all-around great.
I was seen by Brenda Fritz (PA) for a minor health issue and she was kind, thorough, compassionate, and thoughtful.
I felt I was in great hands; she is a gem.
 Cromwell is my normal doctor and she is nice enough, gets things taken care of and is personable.
 Then we'll talk about my most recent experience.
 Called with a semi-urgent issue hoping to be see the same day.
 They informed me Dr.
 Cromwell is on vacation, no worries, I ask to be seen by whomever is available.
 I gave them a 4 hour block of time that day and the next day and apparently nobody is available AT ALL.
 I'm pretty sure there are quite a few doctors in this practice.
 The woman on the phone was very nice and said she would send a message to one of the doctor's nurses with an urgent request attached and they would get back to me very quickly.
 When the nurse called back SIX HOURS LATER (ie not very quickly) she let me know the doctor had no appointments in my available time.
 I think the point of that call back was for the doctor to fit me in somewhere, but apparently she didn't get that memo.
 She then told me I'd probably be better off going to an urgent care instead.
 Great patient care right there.
 Not sure what the point of being a long standing patient in a practice like this is if they won't accommodate you.
In town visiting family.
My son got swimmer's ear and we took him here.
Fast, efficient, doctor on staff.
Would definitely recommend this location.
With boys who are 4 and 1, I have a feeling we'll be frequent flyers here.
Have already been 2 times for one child, and 3 times for the other.
That said, yes, you usually have to wait.
The longest I've waited was an hour.
The staff is very friendly.
The place is impeccably clean.
The doctors or PA's have been helpful and knowledgeable and deal with kids to the best of their ability.
They've called to check up on us, as well.
Having the pharmacy on-site is fantastic, however, it's only been open once when I was there.
Love the $3 parking garage.
Would much rather park inside in the winter than out on the street.
I had a wonderful experience here.
I was immediately checked in, lab work started, and called to the back.
The nurse came in promptly and the doctor followed a short time after she left.
I was given a quick diagnosis and discharged with my prescription within 30 minutes of my arrival.
I received a follow up call the next day with my lab results.
Great service and friendly staff.
Can't say enough nice things about this place.
the staff were friendly and sweet and extremely helpful.
Dr Jessica Kennedy is amazing.
I tried so hard to find a female doctor within my network and she is a true find.
friendly,listens attentively and very personable yet professional.
am so happy to have found her.
i always put off my annual checkup but she made me so comfortable that I won't anymore.
I was really impressed with the immediate care clinic.
 Went in on a Sunday afternoon for a strep test and they were great.
 Minimal wait time, great staff and extra convenient having a walgreens on site.
 Walked in on a Saturday morning with a painful condition.
 Was expertly and compassionately diagnosed and out the door within 45 minutes.
 They had all of my electronic records on-hand from other visits to doctors in the NU network.
 Will certainly return for any urgent care needs.
Amazing group here.
They're the only hospital I trust for me and my family in those urgent situations
Tanisha (nurse) is a rude, rude person who doesn't listen and doesn't seem to care.
Her biggest concern was telling me I'm wrong.
Also, Tanisha said my April visit doesn't 'count' because that doctor doesn't work there anymore and I can't refill my prescription until I make an appointment.
 That doctor prescribed me medicine that I refill at the beginning of each month and have for 6 months.
 But now, since she doesn't work there anymore, her notes don't 'count'.
 It sounds like they just want me to pay for a visit instead of just refilling the prescription.
I went here straight after work & made it by 6:30pm.
 The check-in was easy.
 I had completed online forms at work.
 Only one person was ahead of me.
 I got my vitals taken within 15min.
 Student came to see me 10min later & asked me pertinent questions.
 Doc came 5min later checked me out & prescribed me meds.
 A Walgreens pharmacy is attached so I caught it right before it's closing time, 7pm.
  I would return confidently.
 He was a very rude and uncaring doctor who absolutely refused to listen to what I was trying to tell him.
 Before even getting to the physical exam I could tell that he was already making judgements about what might be wrong with me.
 Then he focused on discussing a previous illness that had already been resolved with a different doctor instead of my current health concerns.
 It was a complete waste of time and I would suggest seeing any other doctor before seeing him.
 His arrogance and condescending attitude are the last things you should have to deal with when you are sick.
I was very impressed with my experience.
 I visited another urgent care center a couple weeks back and it was a huge disappointment.
 This center, on the other hand, had very professional and courteous personnel and a medical staff that was knowledgeable, helpful and friendly.
 I would definitely go back and recommend this location to others.
I tried to set up the appointment originally in November.
 I was scheduled for early January.
 I asked if I could be put on a waiting list for an earlier date.
 I was told Northwestern didn't do waiting lists, but I could just keep calling back everyday to try for an earlier appointment.
 The day before my visit, I was called and told that my doctor was out sick and I would need to call back to reschedule.
 I called back immediately and was told that I had been rescheduled for the next week on Thursday.
  I showed up on the day my scheduled appointment was to find I wasn't in the system.
 I was told that they had record of me being rescheduled and being given a confirmation, but they didn't actually have me scheduled.
  The doctor didn't have time to see me because he was already filled up and double booked.
 I had been fasting all day so I was not very happy.
 I was rescheduled for Saturday.
If I missed my appointment or even cancelled late, I would have been charged $50.
 But for some reason when it was Northwestern's mistake, nothing was done to make amends.
 They didn't even offer to wave my co-pay.
The central scheduling office is the exact opposite of efficient.
 It's pretty sad that when you need to see a trusted physician you are put on hold for 20 minutes and then have everything screwed up.
  I hope you make improvements to at least provide the hellish customer service I get from calling my cable company.
Service is fast and efficient.
 Pct who assisted was very helpful.
 Doctor was great.
  Xray lady a little crabby.
 Parking fee was $10 even after authorization.
 I don't get that.
I had the extreme pleasure of being treated at the Urgent Care Center of Northwestern Memorial Physicians Group on 1333 W Belmont.
  Everyone is absolutely amazing in this establishment.
  The front desk clerk who checks you in is very receptive and quick.
  Efficiency and speed are key when you are feeling near death.
  The technician was ok.
  He just did his job.
  Zero compassion or sincerely, which, who cares.
  He was there to take vitals which he did.
  Northwestern sure doesn't believe in hiring Dr Jones or Dr Brown.
  Everyone there has a unique crazy last name.
  Anyhow, Dr Lee (Lee was first name) was AMAZING~.
  she was absolutely spot on.
  Extremely fast and effective.
  Smart.
  Easy going.
A true pleasant experience.
She, much to my dismay, is no longer a primary, but just focuses on instacare.
 if you go there try to get Dr Lee.
She as amazing.
After she did my workup she actually touched my back when changing sides of the table.
Not a medical touch, but a CARE touch.
I know that sounds a bit weird, but DR's are usually so one dimensional, it was actually a pleasant experience having once who truly cared about how you felt and your well being.
This is truly a great establishment.
Thanks everyone there for being so kind and friendly.
hopefully I never see these people again tho.
My surgery was not successful.
And I have had a very difficult time dealing with their bureaucracy.
They do not live up to their reputation.
I recommend you go elsewhere.
Fast and friendly service- Assistant and Dr were welcoming and polite.
 I was in and out in 1.
 Great neighborhood resource if you treat others as you wish to be treated.
I read the Yelp reviews and decided to go after my rib injury wasn't getting better.
 I waited to write my review to determine if I got an accurate diagnosis and treatment plan.
 I couldn't get an appointment with my sports medicine doc for weeks so I was glad to go to Urgent Care and wait for a little over an hour to see someone.
 I thought everyone working there was competent and pleasant.
Worst doctors office experience ever.
 No directions were given as to what and where I needed to go to get anything done.
  Upcharge for any and all items they use/do.
 Brisson didn't explain the reason behind some of the additional tests and now i'm stuck with a large portion of the bill that insurance won't pay.
  He mistook notes on what I told him were my health issues, which were minimal, but he wrote down that they were major so he could justify the tests.
  Took couple of months of calling the billing department before getting a callback and explanation of charges.
  Had to visit the office 3 times before the doctor signed paper work to send to insurance; had to send this paperwork in twice because the doctor didn't fill out the whole form the first time around.
  Overall, just a terrible place.
I got to the place 10 minutes before it opened and was the fourth one in line.
  Didn't seem like a bad placement to me.
  The woman who checked me in was clearly new and not very sure of how to use the system.
  After approximately 15 minutes with her and running my card, I was informed the wait time would be over an hour and a half.
  By this time two people were already in rooms and I was number 4 - how is this possible?
  I decided not to stay and requested by co-pay back.
  This took another 5 minutes to figure out.
  I've been to plenty of urgent care places and Walgreens and CVS have much better, streamlined processes with just one staff person - I counted 5 people at this place.
  I won't be going back.
For a fairly sized medical group like this, it takes awfully a long time for anyone to answer the phone.
 And when someone answered my calls, they were all rude and unpleasant.
My Doc is amazing, the front desk staff are kind, the location is cozy and not giant and scary.
  I hate going to the doctor, but this place makes it easier.
 Her attitude towards me was very cold and in general it seems that she doesn't really like to listen to the things that I have to say.
 Like what the other Yelpers have said, she does seem to be very judging.
 The last straw came when I moved to DC and came back to Chicago for a visit.
 I planned it out so that I would have my annual exam with Dr.
 I even opted for her instead of my old family practitioner, thinking that the Northwestern Memorial Brand name was better.
 I came all the way to from DC to Chicago (This was in February 2012) was a few minutes late trying to find parking, and the receptionist told me that Dr.
 Lee had to go, that I was late, and so Dr.
 Lee had no time to see me.
 After that I was so livid for all the travelling I had done (and not being able to see Dr.
 Lee) that I called my old family doc and she saw me right away.
 In general, I feel that is the problem with Northwestern Memorial Physicians.
 They seem impersonal, rude, and know-it-alls.
 Johnston from that practice in dermatology several times, and none of my skin issues that I went to him were ever really resolved.
I recently moved back from a four year stint in Florida where I went through an hospitalized pneumonia, appendectomy, coronary bypass, and a kidney stone.
 She is caring, takes the time to explain things in lay men's terms and has terrific compassion and patience.
 I had more information and understanding from her in one appointment than I did from my total of four years in Florida.
 Staff was very pleasant to me, then again just there for a check up so MY perception wasn't skewed by illness.
 (keep in mind most people are not feeling well when they walk in the door so they may be overly sensitive)
The care at the hospital is good, as are the doctors, but the admin is disastrous and can actually affect the care.
 Not only can't you get in for months to see the doctors for months but it will be a full-time job for you to make an appointment.
 Their policies about this are ridiculous with time frames of 72 hrs to just get an answer, not even appointment.
 But once you get there, there will be confusion as to the diagnosis, the billing etc.
 Once, prior to an appointment I struggled for months to make, the doctor was unavailable.
 Once the billing was listed incorrectly even though the doctor corrected it twice.
 Once they weren't sure of the side the procedure was needed.
 There are great doctors in other systems.
 Meanwhile, recommendation for Northwestern .
 fix your admin systems and processes and hold it to a higher standard.
High praise for the team in outpatient hematology and oncology.
 I've been under their care for three months and very happy with the excellent quality of care, kindness and compassion in all interactions, timely start to all appointments, and great communication with my primary doctor.
 Northwestern is out of network for me so I pay full price, cash, for every visit.
 I even have to pay $500 cash to make/hold an appointment.
 That $500 is used to pay for a portion of the visit.
 I think my initial evaluation was $1,350 and I was told follow-ups are less, thankfully.
 The financial department is nice though.
 I am hopeful to work out something going forward as the cost is prohibitive, but I wanted the best team in Chicago, and this is the team with the best outcomes.
 So giving my team 5 stars.
 Costly, but totally worth it.
This review is strictly about the billing department.
Now, the issues come up when you try to call their Billings, it is absolutely disgusting.
 All the good that is done here is flushed down the drain when you pick the phone and try to call any of these services.
 The people who dont make the cut for the DMV must be working in the billing department.
 I had to call them to get some medical bills fixed and they gave 0 fox about it.
 After going through a long menu of options on the phone, and a long wait before someone picks up the phone.
the people who always answer, they had the worst attitude.
not welling to help, assist, advice, or explain some of the billing details I was trying to clear.
 On some occasions the person picks up the phone and hang up the call right away.
 There is no supervisor to talk to and no way to complain except for submitting a formal complain in the hope someone  coming back to you.
I did that and no one ever came back to me.
 If you are recovering from sickness and trying to deal with medical bills and insurance, the billing staff at this hospital are truly the worst case scenario you can deal with in this situation.
Medical records, they take forever to pick up the phone when you call and sometimes they just dont pick up at all.
 Main Operators are also not friendly and they refuse to do anything beside forwarding you to the department that is not picking up your call.
 Customer relation people with the phone number ending with 3112 are absolutely useless.
 They cant even tell you if their office is open or close.
 I mostly called the billing with the intent to pay my bills.
 I just needed to sort my insurance claims before I pay.
so most of my calls where about getting details and transparency on their end.
 This is truly frustrating because the medicine side of this Hospital is truly top notch but the administrative side is *@&(*)#^$^%.
 Anything related to calling this place is not good for the soul.
 This review is based on many calls and conversation I had with their staffs during the 2018 year.
 Since it had been paid  in full I believe the hospital should have gone back to the insurance company.
 Now they sent us to collections when I refused to pay the bill.
 So now I have paid the bill because I am tired of fighting with them.
 No apology offered or given.
 If you want quality healthcare you should try Northshore
Okay, it's hard to review a hospital without giving away TMI to those reading but here we go, I suppose.
 I was hospitalized for an issue that was causing me intense pain.
 I had gone to the doctor and they couldn't pinpoint it.
 I decided to go to Northwestern and check myself into the ER for the said issue since I worked across the street.
 A team of doctor's came in, not just one, numerous and were able to discover what antibiotics I needed and why my body wasn't reacting to other meds, other doctor's had given me.
 No other doctor was able to accurately cure what I had but they did.
 They were all very nice, professional, and helpful.
 The hospital has a great food court and coffee shops.
 The bad side: wait 'till you get that bill in the mail.
 While tests were run on me for the majority of the night (ultrasound, CT, etc), I was always checked on by a nurse, PA, or physician to ensure that I was as comfortable as could be.
 Within 24 hours, I was being put into surgery for an appendectomy.
 The surgeon and staff were knowledgable and explained to me my options.
 The nurses I experienced were unbelievably kind and listened to my concerns and needs.
 Following surgery, I was kept for one more evening for observation, and discharged first thing the next morning, per my request.
 I was appreciative that I did not need to wait around all day waiting for my doctor to discharge me, and could leave the hospital by 9am.
 My ONLY recommendation would be for all ER nurses to ask for consent from patients prior to administering an IV with opioid medication.
 My nurse hooked up my IV, and I only knew that I was being given pain medication because I read the IV bag (the nurse failed to inform me that I was being given potent pain medication).
 I politely informed her that I did not want opioids, and to please simply give me an IV with fluids, and that I preferred tylenol for my pain.
 This is a practice that needs to change in ALL hospitals, given the high addiction potential of these drugs and the opioid epidemic of our country.
I have a very dear friend who had a liver resection at Northwestern.
 She had 65% of her liver removed, a MAJOR operation.
 She was RELEASED from the hospital 48 hours later, sicker than a dog.
 She was in pain, vomiting.
 She indicated she was in NO SHAPE to leave ( 24 hours prior she was in IUC).
 They insisted she was ready for discharge.
 After a SHORT time at home with constant pain and vomiting, her son drove her to another hospital, through ER.
 She was IMMEDIATELY admitted to the second hospital.
 I'm sorry, but a liver resection certainly requires a longer hospital stay.
Northwestern has lost its way.
  Perhaps because it is the weekend.
  But frankly, this is inexcusable.
I went there for a broken ankle and had excellent care.
 I didn't know that it would take me 7 months to figure out how much I owe or that I would have to take a day off of work to go downtown and map my payments to my accounts.
 Before making an appointment for a physical on their website, I had to add my new insurance plan.
  So I make an appointment to get a physical a month in advance on their website.
  I fasted.
  Then I go to the appointment at the Belmont location and they say I see you have a new insurance, can I see your new insurance card.
  I show my new insurance card and she said oh we don't accept that insurance plan.
 It's the BCBS BLUE CHOICE SELECT PPO.
  I was furious.
  If you have new insurance call them to make sure they accept it before making a fucking appointment on their fucking website.
Colleen Vitt, social worker, not a good experience.
 Very mean woman.
 Was encouraged to work with her by doctor bc he thought she was professional.
 She was a nightmare.
 A waste of time and money.
 Go to someone else.
I have been attended by the Medical staff at Northwestern Memorial Hospital for five years.
I am more than satisfied with the medical attention I have received.
Best hospital in Chicago.
 Awesome care, great doctors, and phenomenal facility.
 I feels as though they are saving my life even more now.
Northwestern Medicine is only as good as the doctor you are seeing.
  I have may positive experiences at Northwestern in otolaryngology, oncology and gastroenterology.
  Dermatology leaves a lot to be desired.
  I made an appointment for a fully body check and was confirmed 3 months in advance.
  A 2 hour train ride, overnight in a Chicago hotel for a 7:15am appointment.
 Bethany Schlosser could see me but did not have time for the procedure that I made an appointment for.
  Dermatology has a reputation for arrogance, but this one left me speechless.
  I lost over $1,000 in earnings at my bill rate along with the expense of a Chicago hotel stay.
I intent to find a dermatologist that has respect for patients and their time.
Stay away from this hospital.
 They will rip you off with lots of un-necessary procedures and double charge you on everything.
Wife had a stomach ache and we visited the ER.
 The doctors in ER told us to have an MRI (was actually 2 when we got the bill) and eventually found out that it was fibroid that can be treated with OTC painkillers.
Two months later we have received 9 separate, confusing and exorbitant bills with often the same service or lab test listed on multiple bills.
We will go with another hospital next time.
I am deeply aggravated by the experience I had with these people.
 I had to go in twice for two very small issues that I had recently.
 The first time I went in because of a discomfort that I had on my skin, felt like a sunburn without having been exposed to the sun.
 Went to the clinic first and, only because the booked me an appointment at the hospital I got billed $230.
 I get to the hospital, they look at me (look at me with their eyes only) and they tell me they don't know what I have and they send me home (by the way I was also getting rushed because of all the people waiting in line).
 I got billed $330 for that.
 Few months later I got a stye in my left eye and only because I went in to have an antibiotic prescribed I got billed $210.
 I am not against paying these structures when they actually do work, I believe that spending money for your health is a good thing, but getting billed almost $800 for doing NOTHING is ridiculous.
 Northwestern steals money from people, and instead of helping you heal they make you angry and stressed because of UNJUSTIFIED bills.
 Shame on you for stealing people's money.
 I am going to file a complaint with the Better Business Bureau and even if I know that it's not gonna be easy I'm gonna fight this even if I have to show up with signs and put together people to show the world what thieves these people are.
 Shame on you.
 I've called her back bunch of times leaving voice messages but after weeks they're still not contacting me.
 Acknowledging the reviews works only if you actually try to solve the problem, not if you just want to show the readers that you are solving the issues when you're really not.
I went to the Olson Pavilion for outpatient surgery yesterday.
  From the moment I walked in to the moment I left I was treated with much care.
 Dr Lin is always awesome but the new doctors and nurses to me were also fantastic, especially Nurse Eva and Nurse Nicole.
  I suffered vasovagal syncope and Nurse Eva acted quickly and helped me.
  I've had many procedures but no one identified it before or helped me.
Nurse Nicole post op helped me with the very long panic attacks and did not leave me alone.
  Dr Lu, Dr Levy were all very nice too but these two ladies were wonderful.
  God bless the whole team.
First trip was for a headache that lasted five days I just couldn't stand anymore.
 I waited for 3 hours on a Saturday night.
 In the screening room the nurse wanted to put an IV and do blood work before being diagnosed by the doctors.
 Second trip to the emergency room had to wait for a good 4 hours I guess my hiccups for the past 48 hours wasn't that critical comparing with the rest, which then got worse by acid reflux.
I have to say that every single person I came across - in every department - was nothing but kind, patient, and caring.
 I never felt I had anything less than their full attention while in the ER.
My husband (who said I could use his name) was diagnosed with prostate cancer.
 From his MRI to his surgery, and through his first follow up appointment this morning, every single staff member we came in contact with was exceptional.
 The doctors, nurses, surgeons, support staff- every one of these professionals were the kindest, most professional, upbeat human beings we have met (collectively) in any environment.
 Even this morning when we were again waiting on test results, Tasha put my husband (and myself) at ease.
 Eileen was with him for his test (in radiology) and he felt relaxed, knew she truly cared about helping his manage his test and his anxiety.
 We are so fortunate to live here, to have access to the best surgeons, the da vinci robot, The entire staff on the 12th floor.
 Your 12th floor Galter/Feinberg staff (urology) gave us the best care.
 The attention paid to your patients, your unbelievably good attitudes, mostly how incredibly good you All are at your jobs.
 We were scared going into this, now we are healing, we are so grateful.
 Special note of Thanks to Lara (our night nurse on 12).
 You are really something, we knew you were a great nurse from the moment you checked on Bobby the first night.
 You are an an exceptional nurse and human being, a standout even on this outstanding staff.
 Thank You, thank you, thank you.
i went here when I lived on ELM Street near RUSH Street in CHICAGO's GOLD COAST.
I was attacked robbed and beaten for being a homosexual and This University relatedhospital helped me with black eyes and broken ribs to heal.
 It was close to me and I was happy they took such good care of my in their ER in the early 1980s in Chicago.
 His staff warmly welcomed me into the office, making me feel at ease.
 I was then escorted to a comfortable room where I met with Dr.
 Upon meeting him, I immediately knew I was in great hands.
 Ellis, I discovered a skillful, competent physician who took the time to explain all facets of my procedure.
 By the time I left his office, I knew exactly what to expect regarding my surgery.
 I am so happy with the results of Dr.
 Ellis's surgical expertise, and I thank him, Karin, Erica and the rest of his staff for checking on me even during my recovery at home.
 I would give him 10 stars if I could.
Broke my leg and my insurance dropped my normal hospital and dr so I went here- excellent service
The absolute worst billing department I have ever dealt with.
 The amount of times I receive invoices from them with different amounts that don't add up for the next invoice is ridiculous.
 One month it'll be $45, and the next it will be $300+, and the next it will be $0, all without me having paid a dime.
 I've called numerous times and can never get an answer about how much I owe.
 I was sent to collections, and I told the collection agency I would like to refute the claim, they said no problem, they would relay that information to Northwestern and I would be sent a detailed ledger of what exactly it is I owe.
 Then received another invoice for something that of course did not match anything else.
 Crazy to think that the billing department is the reason I will not be returning to Northwestern Hospital.
The billing department is disrespectful, rude and downright ignorant.
  I had a pre-op appointment in September and I saw the nurse practitioner.
 I received a bill for the 30 co-payment that I owed and I paid it.
 However, in December I received another bill for an additional 30 co-pay and I called to question why there was an additional charge.
 I was first told by Dana that it was a co-pay for having my blood drawn, I informed her that, that was not correct.
 I was then told that it was because of co-insurance which I am covered at 100% for and I told her that was also incorrect and then I was told that it was because I saw an anesthesiologist which I did not.
 I called my insurance and my insurance called the billing department and I was then told that I had an additional 30 co-pay for the facility fee.
 I was not made aware of the fact that I could receive a 30 co-pay to see the nurse practitioner and then an additional 30 co-pay for the facility.
 This is a scam and people are being ripped off.
 My experience was not the greatest with the procedure I had done either.
 I was discharged with elevated blood pressure I requested a wheelchair because I felt dizzy from the strong meds I was given and from my blood pressure being elevated and I never received assistance upon leaving the building.
  I held on to the walls and made it out on my own.
 To add insult to injury the damn doctor came into the room asking me why I had that look on my face.
 I am wondering what look should I have had on my face.
 I was in extreme pain, nauseous, dizzy and overall just plain feeling like crap.
 Furthermore, I have not been contacted by anyone including the doctor since I was discharged and I have been having pain and other symptoms and when I did reach out to the doctor's assistant he did not return my phone call.
 I will not be returning to Northwestern in the future.
 i had an minor emergency (thought i had a broken toe).
They were very professional and accommodating.
Horrible experience, I would not recommend this hospital to anyone and I have been a patient for many years.
 Like many have said this issue is with your billing dept, financial counseling, and patient relations.
 Northwestern does not care about low income patients, if you have money you get much better care.
 I've complained and gotten the same responses we are so sorry blah blah blah.
 Nobody follows up like they are supposed too.
 Your financial counseling dept should not be taunting and threatening patients.
 I had all my appointments canceled by your financial counseling dept and am walking around with a fracture right now.
 I have no idea how a scheduler or a financial aid rep can override what your doctor says but they sure can and when you ask to file a formal complaint of course they won't send you the paperwork or tell you where you need to submit this complaint.
 I have been very disappointed with reading what has happened to other patients and patients do have rights.
 If Northwestern does not want to correct this horrible customer service complaints can be made to higher powers such as the state and federal govt.
They saved my dads life.
 And now for the second time they are in process of saving my mothers life again.
I am grateful.
 They are not always polite but your people's life is in their hands.
 And those are good , long hours kinda hands.
 I believe their hearts are protected by the trauma they encounter daily.
However the surgeon that wanted to amputate her leg.
 five years ago, is the on call guy and he is beyond callous toward my mother, because the department head corrected the procedure before any surgery, five years ago and he was wrong.
They're good at putting on a face of a caring attitude.
 But logistically speaking it's not the case.
 Niceness is not kindness.
 1st visit: wrong crutch size given to me from an already condescending doctor who misdiagnosed my gout.
 2nd visit: Pilonidal abcess infection.
 Waited 6 hours in doctors office before walking out.
 People came in and out in an attempt to see that I was being pacified before the actual procedure took place.
 I was even given a arm syringe pain killer by the nurse only to not have an operation.
 Waste of my clean blood, time, and comfort as being treated like a human being; not just a patient who we need skirt to the back room to pacify until they can actually get to him.
 And everyone wanted to fucking lecture me on how I needed a surgery for it.
 Stop fucking condescending my knowledge-base of something I have been dealing with for 7 years.
 I fucking know surgery is the more permanent solution.
 I'm not there for that.
 I'm there to rid of the fucking pressing infection first and foremost.
 Leave me to decide on surgery later.
 Your job is to provide immediate care not a pacifying lecture.
 I will only be going to Rush from now on despite the travel time.
I consider myself pretty lucky to live close to such a quality hospital with top notch Drs.
 Unfortunately, I've had to visit this emergency rooms a few times over the past few years.
most recently at 38 weeks pregnant when I got something stuck in my throat.
 As if being 38 weeks pregnant wasn't bad enough?
This was probably the latest into the night Ive ever visited the emergency room (got there around 1am) and my goodness was it sketchy.
The nurses who work here get major kudos just for the abuse they take from all the drunks patients.
 Speaking of the nurses I found them to be pleasant, although almost lost my patience when my nurse took 8 tries to find a vein for a IV.
 38 weeks pregnant, can't breathe and got poked 8 times.
 While the drs and nurses were pleasant and helpful, they were super slllooww and it took about 8 hours for them to get NU's gastro team there to operate on me.
 They kept saying they were moving faster than usual due to my pregnancy so I'd probably still be there (now a month later) if I wasn't pregnant at the time.
  I was pretty happy when the gastro team FINALLY showed up and I was moved upstairs to GI where I had a much better experience.
I've been to my share of emergency rooms around the country and this one is better than most (hence the 3 star rating), but still a place I'd like to avoid for obvious reasons (as well as those listed above).
So, when I wake up in the morning, I think of food.
 I usually think I can really go for some hospital food.
 LOL Today due to the weather conditions, I decided to skip on working (I can work from home on occasion) and thought I can get to my appointment within a reasonable amount of time.
 I got here two hours early.
 They also have lots of food choices.
 So I had the orange chicken and a spicy beef egg roll.
 It was actually quite good for hospital food.
 The only downside, the price for hospital food.
 It was $9 for those two items and no drink.
 OK, its downtown, but the price is really high in my opinion for hospital food.
 Plus $10 for parking (that's validated).
 The people are OK.
 They're not super cheerful, even hospital staff can pretend to be cheerful.
 It makes people feel better when they come to a not so nice place and they have a smiling face to look at.
 Sorry NMH, everyone can improve even a little bit.
This place is the worth I ever seem.
 The nurse and Doctor do not have anytime for patience.
 They kept say yes yes and walk away.
 I hope they can they their way of caring for patience.
I had the most awful and scary experience at Northwestern Hospital.
 My God I don't know where to start.
 My PCP had been treating for about 5 years.
 He knew I had abnormal heart rate and also LBBB.
 I asked him on many occasions should I be seen by a cardiologist he keep reassuring me that it wasn't necessary to do so.
 Like a fool I believed him and didn't question his supposedly professionalism.
 About 3 years later I started have confusion and small block outs when I would get excited or pushed down when going to the bathroom.
 I informed my doctor about it and he ran a lot of test and that's where the guessing first started.
 There conclusion after running every test there was know to man kind was that I was having panic attacks.
 I told them I was not having Panic attacks could they please help me find out what was really happening to me.
 I assured them that he had to be my heart.
 The doctors blew me off gave me medication for Panic Attack and sent me home.
 Before I left I asked for my medical records they told me to request everything.
 I went home and started looking up my symptoms and I ran into a PDF from the Cleveland clinic.
 I called for a appoint there.
 OMG they told me I needed a pacemaker I also found out that all those years my doctor told me that I didn't need to see a heart doctor the irregular heart rhythm  scared my heart so bad that the Cleveland clinic had to do open heart surgery just to place my pacemaker in from all the scaring from miss firing for so many years.
 I found out I have SSS, CHF, Cardiomyopathy just to name a few.
 I thank god everyday for Cleveland Clinic they saved my life.
 Now my heart is working so much better.
 Please trust what you feel and follow your instincts.
 Blessing to everyone.
Came to the emergency room late on a week night as moral support for suspected appendicitis.
 We waited a while, but not terribly long.
 Everyone we talked to was nice and had a good sense of humor.
 Later after diagnosis and surgery, the staff in the recovery wing were also very nice.
 There seemed to be a lot of different people that you see over the course of a three day stay, but that might just be normal.
 Good care and overall very nice and helpful people.
 Nichols in internal medicine clearly has no respect for any ones time but his own.
 We waited over an hour and a half to see him.
 This is unacceptable for any doctor to be that late.
 Also, his bed side manner was rushed.
 I will never come back and see him.
At my annual checkup I was given pneumococcal and shingles vaccinations.
 The hospital charges for the administration of each vaccine (someone giving the shot) plus the vaccine.
 The total for each (including the administration and vaccine charges) was about DOUBLE ($400) for each vaccine than the total charged for each by Walgreens or Walmart.
 Next time I need vaccinations, I'll check prices first and likely go to Walgreens or Walmart instead of my doctor's office.
 To be clear, I am happy with my doctors and I consider NMH to be a very good hospital, but these vaccine charges irritated me.
One morning my husband woke up with pain in his side.
 After two hours passed and constants taunts by myself to 'suck it up' we headed to the Northwestern ER.
 I didn't realize how serious it was until we had to stop the cab because he had to puke.
Once we entered the triage area at this point he couldn't even stand and they took him back right away.
 It was pretty much like a scene out of a TV medical drama, people were rushing in and out trying to figure out what was wrong with him.
 Right before they took him away for a CAT scan, I had a meltdown and was comforted by the attending physician - at this point we still didn't know what was wrong.
 Turns out hubby had a kidney stone.
 Pierce was very kind and professional throughout the whole morning and I wish I had wrote him a thank you note for taking such great care of my husband (hopefully he reads this post one day).
 Even better we were in and out in under four hours - included blood work, CAT scan and two X-rays.
 Right after we were discharged, we went to get breakfast :)
My review is for the Neurology Department.
 Hands down Northwestern has the BEST ALS doctors.
 So friendly and compassionate, and so is his ENTIRE staff.
 Our initial visit was about 6.
5 hours because they need to create a baseline for their patients.
 Since then, our visits are roughly between 2-3 hours.
 The staff is super thorough making sure they haven't overlook anything.
 I cannot say enough about the ALS team except that UCLA Neurology (in Los Angeles) has a lot to learn from NU.
 Flying out here every three months is so worth it.
My wife had a miscarriage at home and so we rushed to Northwestern hospital for examination and further testing to understand what went wrong.
  Any female that experienced this understands the confusion, pain and sorrow.
  Long story short, the entire staff did not help or answer any questions regarding the 15 week miscarriage, the fetus, the funeral home arrangements and to close it off, follow up with the OB.
  The negligent handling of the situation continues to baffle us and lack of customer service really hurt the situation that was already painful.
  The entire staff denied any wrongdoing and they continue telling us that because the hospital has no protocol for such incidences that the unfortunate event can't be dealt with.
  We tried to get answers for future women to not ever deal with such dramatic issues but we continued receiving lack of customer service.
  Also, ask if members of the staff are doing their residencies and that these students are being supervised.
The best hospital I have ever been to, and I've lived in 5 major cities in the US.
  Unfortunately, I have spent more time than most in hospitals and the staff here has been the most engaged in understanding me and my particular health care.
  I'm not sure they are the smartest doctors and nurses, but I know that my doctors in emergency, the hospital and the primary care physicians at the hospital have all taken a keen interest in understanding my medical history and ensuring the treatments they provide have been the best for me and my health.
  While things are not perfect here, and I have had the rare nurse or assistant who has not been stellar, overall the hospital is well run, efficient and dedicated to providing top notch treatment.
  I would recommend everyone go here if you can afford it or have great insurance.
If there was a way to give five stars to the nursing staff while still giving the hospital one star I would do it.
  Nurses were very nice and professional but the billing department doesn't even deserve any stars.
  Why on god's green earth would they stop billing us after we continued to always pay the bill within 10 days of receiving it and send us straight to a collection agency without  a) notifying us they were doing so,b) not saying ANYWHERE ON ANY STATEMENT they expect full payment within 60 days or the bill would be turned over to a collection agency, and c) acting  arrogant when I called them to ask why we hadn't received the monthly statement and nasty when I requested one be sent to me so we could pay it in full?
  Now our 847 credit score is ruined.
  You think they'd value people with Cadillac insurance who are the real reason they exist
My experience here was unprofessional.
 I was never seen by the ophthalmologist.
 I was seen by two medical assistants.
 They did a test on my right eye that I never requested and was not adequately informed about.
 It was done so fast I could not stop the procedure.
 I have had difficulty with this eye since.
I went here for the first time today.
 I was scheduled to have a CT scan.
 They gave me the bill before services, which was a total of $5800 for the scan before anyone has even read the damn thing.
  Unbelievably expensive.
 I will go back to Michigan to have my surgery.
 Thanks anyway.
 Added a star because it was a nice hospital with good options for food.
Made a trip on Sunday evening 8pm was out Monday 2am.
If you are looking for a quick trip, you're in the wrong place.
I prefer the NW Urgent Care Clinic on Belmont.
When you need to see a doctor, can't get scheduled with your own, try the urgent clinic.
You'll be in and out in no time and there is a Walgreen right in the lobby of the building.
Good care, short wait, drugstore on site, who could ask for more?
Most of the people in the waiting room at the er, could have been better served by urgent care - which is open 365 days.
 It's clean, safe, has parking.
My boyfriend's father stayed at this hospital for a few days after undergoing surgery.
So, my review won't be about the healthcare services (since I didn't receive any), but based on my opinion being a visitor.
We spent the night and slept at the hospital.
The rooms seem spacey and there is a small bed area under the windows for you to sleep (if you can fit).
There are family rooms on each floor where you can sleep if you need to.
I would go there as opposed to staying in the room.
The cafe area is pretty nice - they have an Au Bon Pain that's open 24 hours for all your coffee or food needs.
The food was good.
All the hospital staff I saw seemed very professional and polite.
I hope not to be back here visiting anyone in surgery or anything like that, but if I had to, the experience would not be awful.
I am so grateful for Northwestern Memorial.
 My mom had a very rare and serious medical issue.
 She went to a hospital out in the far west suburbs, but since her condition was so rare I insisted she get a second opinion.
 I did some clever Googling and found Dr.
 Milad and read that he is an expert OB/GYN and surgeon.
 His office was able to get my mom in right away with him and some of his associates.
 They operated until the wee hours of the morning and they kept us updated the whole time.
 The professionalism and level of care at Northwestern kept me at ease throughout my mother's entire surgery and recovery.
 We stayed in her hospital room with her overnight.
 Their rooms are great.
 There was plenty of room for family to stay and it was surprisingly comfortable.
 My mom is all better now and I wish there was more that I could do other than writing a Yelp review.
 I am incredibly grateful for the wonderful and prompt care we got at Northwestern Memorial Hospital.
(My only suggestion would be for them to completely restructure their scheduling department.
 They were horrible and impossible to deal with, though I don't think they are technically a part of the hospital.
 Thankfully we were able to bypass them and get a direct number)
Anything you ever do in this hospital is more expensiveAny service you ever need from this hospital is slowerWhatever you do, try to avoid the expensive services.
 For example, a CT scan will cost you $6000.
Anywhere else, the price is lower, and if you can afford, go overseas.
 The same procedure will cost you $250 in other countries, with better equipment and nicer people.
If you need any paperwork, like medical records, they will charge you for every piece of paper, and will charge twice the price of regular mail.
Some of their doctors are OK, but mostly they are average.
The complaint is regarding Front desk at Dermatology and telephone outpatient complaints services.
 I went for an allergy patch test.
 I inquired with the front desk at check in what would be the estimate for patch test.
 They said that they didn't know the estimate and that anyone stuff gets covered by insurance.
 I got my bill recently and out of 6500 USD, I have to pay 1600.
 I was first shocked that allergy test cost THAT much.
 Had I know the price, I may have considered alternative options.
 In addition, paying out of pocket 1600 is quite significant.
 When I called the Customer service, they discouraged me to complain as the hospital doesn't provide estimates.
 This is obviously not true.
 Considering my complaint is not welcomed by Northwestern, I am leaving it  here.
Well I have been here twice in the last 6 months.
A trip to the ER is never fun but sometimes unavoidable, both of my times here were out of pure necessity.
First trip was due to a cut that would not stop bleeding.
This was around 11 pm so I knew there was going to be a wait.
Went through triage fairly quickly for the assessment and I was told to take a seat.
I sat there for about 1.5 hours and then I was called back.
Once in the back the process was fairly quick but I could see what caused the wait as there were people everywhere.
I ended up with some stitches and the doctor was very friendly as we joked that she was a MI grad not NU.
Went through the triage again quickly.
I sat for about an hour before being taken back for x-rays and an eventual cast.
Each doctor and nurse I encountered were very professional and expressed concern over my comfort level.
The x-ray techs were hilarious considering the circumstances.
NMH is one of the best hospitals in the country and located in a high traffic  urban area.
I went there knowing that neither of my injuries were life threatening and I would be a low priority.
Knowing the high end medical care I was going to receive I was willing to wait.
One of the best medical doctors I have seen in Chicago.
 She is super compassionate and has refereed me to specialists who have been helping me with an illness.
She listens to all of my questions and she is more than happy to communicate with my day job because of my illness.
The nurses are so personable and the people at the front desk are super friendly.
I had an appointment with Dr Saltzman for a shoulder impingement.
 After the two minutes he spent with me there was a MRI scheduled.
 The good doctor wrote the orders incorrectly for the MRI and I was not able to have it done, I found this out after I was prepped, had an IV and was ready.
 In addition, the hospitalDid not have any of my insurance information nor the authorization for the MRI when I arrived.
 My insurance company had to call and give NW all that info because the girl at the hospital called me to say she was on hold with my insurance company and had to hang up and she cannot accept incoming calls, so I had to take care of that, which I did.
 Thankfully my insurance company gave me all the approval codes in case I ran into problems at NW, which I did.
 After I called the doctor on his mobile after the hospital told me they couldn't reach him, the good doctor told meThe hospital called him that the order wasn't written correctly and he would call me back.
 The good doctors PA called me the following morning and told me I shouldn't be calling the doctor on his mobile.
 I told her if he'd do things the way he should I wouldn't have too.
 The Orthopedic department operates like a hospital from a third world country, extremely disappointing .
I had the most horrible experience in emergency last Sunday at northwestern memorial hospital.
 I wouldn't send a sick dog there.
My saga begins in June of 2007.
 After having upper abdominal pain for three days straight, I finally went to an ER (not here) and subsequently was diagnosed with a liver cyst.
 As the pain had subsided and the growth was under 7 cm, it was decided we would watch it and deal with it should it grow or cause more pain.
Fast forward to the fall of 2008.
 Because of moving house during the summer, I didn't get my follow up ultrasound to see how the cyst was doing.
 When I started having pain again, it reminded me to have the thing looked at.
 Sure enough, it had grown and now had to be dealt with.
 Michael Abecassis, who is, among other things, the chief of the division of Organ Transplantation at Northwestern Memorial Hospital.
 He and the transplant team performed my surgery, which thankfully turned out to be the least complicated procedure that was possible in my case.
From the time I was greeted at 6 a. to the time I left the hospital the next afternoon, I feel that I was given superior treatment.
 They treated me as an intelligent patient, instead of a clueless one.
 Everyone treated me with respect and care.
 If I ever need to have surgery again, I hope to be able to choose this hospital.
The only reason I can not give NMH five stars is that while I was in surgery, while my belongings were being transported and stored, someone stole $30 from my purse.
 I intentionally did not bring much cash, but I thought that just in case I should bring a little.
 At any rate, whether it was $5 or $50, my purse should not have been raided while I was undergoing surgery.
 I placed a report with hospital security of course, and I wonder how someone could risk their job in this economy for a few dollars.
 Other than the security flaws, Northwestern Memorial Hospital is top notch and I recommend it highly.
This review is made in recognition to my delivering doctor: Dr.
 Daniel Niku (Labor and Delivery)I rated my experience overall a 10 out of 10 because I am very satisfied with the type of service I received from all the mid wife's especially from my delivering doctor: Dr.
 Daniel Niku from labor and delivery during my stay in the hospital.
 Niku made sure I was well taken care off, but he went an extra mile to assist/ provide me with all the support I needed during my stay in Hollywood Pres.
 I can not thank them enough for going an extra mile and for being a great support system when it came to listening/ understanding my needs during my stay at the hospital.
 As a first time mommy I have to say my experience at the hospital along with the support from my delivering doctor (Dr. Niku) made a remarkable experience for me.
 Niku is by far the BEST OBGYN/ delivering doctor I ever had.
Niku is amazing on what he does but most importantly he takes extra care of all his patients.
 I will definitely consider returning to this hospital in the nearest future.
I've been here several times with my aging mom, and this time her stay is over 2 weeks now.
 I wish I can accurately convey my gratitude to all the medical and nursing staff members for their amazing, compassionate care.
 Because of the sudden closure of St Vincent's Hospital, they are extremely busy.
 But I still feel the level of care was exceptional and her every need was met.
 She stayed several days on the 5th floor then moved to ICU then back to 5th floor and to 9th floor.
We've met so many great nurses and assistants who truly care, I wish I can remember all of their names: Keiko, Yuri,Joy, Ashley, Annie, Kathy, Chandra, Stefan, Suji, Zara, and others.
 Hope they get recognized more than just a shout out on Yelp.
My husband and I have experienced several hospitals in the area and never have we found any place as amazing with people who care the way they do at Hollywood Presbyterian.
We came here thru the ER when he had his stroke and thanks to great advocates along the way he is now in the incredible Acute Rehab Center  in 3South.
We would never wish to be hospitalized but in this case we are pleased we got an extension to this accelerated intense therapy group.
A shout out to our Private Angel Debbie McNeal OTR for paving the way along with Gemma, Nurse Manager and Fame and Dr Jorge Minor who make it all happen.
 Hakop Mkhsyan as our quarterback who has been thoroughly involved 7 days  a week.
I cannot begin to name all the caring nursing staff but chief among them is Elsa Haille, Charlotte and OK Shin.
Extraordinary care.
As for OT, besides Debbie who started us on our way we have Maria as our major  OTR with assistance from so many others.
For Physical  therapy Troy Burlecce has kept My husband Bobby Hurricane Spencer (a well known saxophone player) on task.
He lifts the spirits and motivates Bobby to get better faster.
 But his team of Jesse Simmons and Brian Boing are key to the success along with Irwin, Rick, Leo and Bria.
Even the housekeeping staff is great -- represented by Anibia.
I could write a book about the difference in cardiac care from Dr Choi who is also on the Board of Governors.
First time ever my husband has trusted the advice of a cardiologist.
And Dr Tannenbaum in urology  has made a difference as wFrom top to bottom  this is a place for holistic care.
Another Visit to the ER, this time for my daughter's broken finger (Gymnastics).
 The ER and X-ray staff here are amazing.
 ER was not busy on the date of our visit, so we were in and out in no time.
We received excellent care from ER staff: Levon RN, and Mirvelene RN.
 PA Rebecca is kind and caring.
 Registration staff Aida was nice and efficient.
 Special shout out to x-ray staff Anna (love her cool hair), and her student Aaron.
 My daughter really enjoyed the interaction with the x-ray staff.
This hospital is disgusting.
 Brought in a family member at 4:00 am and was put in a room.
 Once we walked into the room it was gross dirty and filthy.
 The nurses are very unprofessional making fun of patients.
 we called the nurses cause patient needed help right away and we where told that they couldn't come due to shift change.
 So if someone dies they really wouldn't care.
 Since 4:00pm and it is now 8:00 and the doctor still hasn't called.
 now they're calling other doctors to come so he can get discharged.
 This hospital should be under investigation
My mom had to be admitted for a catheterization and we were really nervous (please read my review of Los Angeles Community Hospital) but we really could not say better things about the staff here.
 The nurses were so helpful and attentive with my mom and made her feel secure at all times.
 They were constantly checking up on her and their bedside manners were excellent.
 My mom received an interpreter before her procedure and it made her feel more confident receiving the procedure having had everything explained in detail to her.
 We would like to give a special thanks to our nurse Isabelita Aquino because she went above and beyond taking care of my mom.
 Please give this hospital a chance, they will really take good care of you before and after having a procedure done.
 Thank you Hollywood Presbyterian.
 If they are a patient, please try your best to be with them as much as you can.
 This hospital is extremely understaffed.
 The nurses prioritize and have favoritism for other patients.
 I've been here with my cousin on two occasions.
 Currently, I'm here and very upset with the way they've been treating him on the 10th floor.
 He has to buzz the nurse button over 5 times & wait up to 15 minuets for a nurse to come to the room.
 The nurses leave the urinals full of unclean water.
 Another  issue is the recliner chairs.
 I was told by numerous nurses on several floors that the recliners are limited & that we have to wait for a patient to leave their room before they can give it up to someone else.
 They said they can't remove the recliner if its in a room with a patient.
 I've waited days to get a recliner chair.
 I addressed this issue with the charge nurse Melly but she's doing absolutely nothing, she told me just wait for another one.
 It's not fair that she's allowing her nurses to break rules to accommodate other patients at another's expense.
 I've waited for a chair just like everyone one else, no one gave us a special VIP treatment & took a chair from another patients room.
 I know it's just a chair but it's very frustrating when you have to be here every night cause you can't trust that they will give your loved ones equal treatment.
 They give off an impression that they don't care for black patients or their families.
 There was another instance were my cousin had an accident in the bed.
 Every time this happens the nurses or nurses aid cleans him up.
 However this time the nurse Rolly just watched me do everything.
 I was confused because I felt like I was doing his job.
 I just thinking to myself, dude your the nurse you should already know what you should be doing when stuff happens like this.
 All he did was wipe down the bathroom.
 He didn't even change my cousins sheets.
 We've been at this hospital for a long time to know how things operate.
 He is definitely one of those nurses that does minimal.
 The other time  we were here a few weeks ago, he had rude nurses on the 6th floor.
 My cousin is really sick & can't move very fast.
 The nurse Oliver was getting irritated & rushing him to take his medicine.
 He was literally waving the medicine in his face.
 Then he very rudely said hurry up cause he has other patients.
 I was shocked on how disrespectful he was to my cousin.
 I didn't know nurses acted like that.
 Another nurse Annabelle on the same floor had an attitude problem as well.
 She got very agitated with my cousin when he was asking questions.
 She spent most the night sitting with the patient next door who was the same race as her.
 He had her re-assigned because he was not gonna tolerate her attitude.
 It's kinda hard not to feel that race doesn't play a factor on how they treat you.
 You really have to look after your loved ones.
 They leave them in dirty gowns and sheets until someone brings it to their attention.
 Some nurses are good, but a lot of them are lazy or too overworked to even remember the basics on how to care for a patient.
 The kitchen messes up too many times.
 On many occasions they forgot to serve my his cousin food.
 All he was left with to eat was turkey sandwiches.
 One time they just gave him a plate of fish with no sides.
 He's on a neutropenic diet and they still send him salads and fresh fruits.
 They keep giving him the wrong size ensure, we call the kitchen to send the right size up & they still bring the wrong one.
 Everyday something isn't done right or goes wrong.
 Making my cousins experience here unpleasant.
 He wants to discharge so bad because of the treatment he's been getting from the people who are supposed to be taking care of him.
he nurse Kathryn searched around the hospital & finally got me a bed.
 I really appreciate her efforts.
 Now my cousin doesn't have to worry about me leaving him here alone at night.
 Thank you so much Kathryn.
The worse waiting room.
 A very small second waiting room unsanitary.
 The nurse practitioners pick and choosing.
 Very rude doesn't listen.
 The nurses are nice but need help and with coordinating.
My mom was here by herself the most of time, going thru biopsy.
 She doesn't speak English and they had provided a Korean translated, which made her feel like at home.
  Also, her nurse , Young Hayakawa kept me informed about my mom's status over the phone that made me feel my mom was in good hand.
 I'do appriated how sincerely they took care my mom during the stay.
 This is the place where i want to visit when I get sick.
I canot thank for more to Angela' who smiled all the time and kindness she has shown to us.
 Just good people around here.
My girlfriend came to this hospital through ER.
 She had a surgical fracture, and the surgery took place in a timely manner.
 When I had questions, I was able to get answers from Eunice and Ashley.
 Overall, everyone on the 9th floor were welcoming each time I came to visit.
I strongly recommend anyone who wants to be taken care of to come to this hospital and ask to be on the 9th floor.
In-patient care has really taken a toll here.
 I don't know whether they're short staffed or careless, but my father is hospitalized here, AGAIN.
 This time around depending on what nurse is in charge the care is non-existent.
 Following my fathers major stroke he suffers from incontinence and they will IGNORE changing his bedsheets while he lays on wet sheets all night.
 If we are not present they will not change him even when patient has requested it several times.
 He's diabetic, the last thing we need are bedsores developing from non-movement and laying in urine.
 He has laid there in a dirty filthy gown for two full days, not giving him a bed bath.
 He reeks of sweat, urine, That is completely DISGUSTING and inhumane.
 It feels like a goddamn third world hospital.
This afternoon I arrived later than usual, around 2pm, to discover my father was laying on a SOAKING PAD YET AGAIN AND WET SHEETS ON TOP.
 He had ZERO water to drink in his pitcher, nobody had cleaned his used portable bedside Commode.
 If I am not present to stay on top of the nurses they will ignore their patient.
 The patient beside his room was wiping his fecal matter and dumping it inside the TRASH can instead of flushing it in the toilet, straight third world shit, literally, and when I asked the janitor to please clean the patient bathroom she dumped the fecal matter from inside the bathroom trashcan into the patient room so the entire room smelled like SHIT.
The day before my fathers scheduled surgery, his young nurse even forgot to order his Lunch.
 Cafeteria was already closed so my father had NO LUNCH DAY BEFORE SURGERY and only had dinner to hold him.
 No food or liquids past midnight and he's been on clear liquids past few days since surgery.
 Post-op, they won't even check on his surgical drain.
 The collection bulb will be FULL of filthy blood and he'll sit there for hours with a bulb that has zero suction until we tell them to empty the content to record it and properly suction the bulb.
 They hadn't even placed him in a proper gown post-op and when asking the LVN for a gown she handed it over to ME to change him.
 I even pointed out for them to remove the NPO sign for no food/drinks in case the new nurse after shift change was unaware.
 They couldn't even do that so I yanked the sign off myself and wiped it off the board.
 They'll place his meds on the bedside table and push the tray away from the bed so he's unable to reach.
 He had surgery at 7am and when brought back to the room in the morning he was thirsty.
 We kept asking for juice or anything for him which they would ignore.
 They didn't give him anything to drink until 6pm.
 And according to my father he stated the midget Peruvian CNA had complained to him that I complain too much for their negligence.
 While visiting my father today she complained to me that she is too busy to change my fathers bedding for his incontinence issues and for us to bring diapers instead.
 She was ARGUING with me about having ten other patients to change.
 If he lays there in wet diapers that will cause bedsores.
 LAZY ass CNA's don't even want to do their goddamn jobs & complain about changing a patient.
 My father, as a patient, is complaining that this is the worst stay he has had here.
 He is indicating he presses the nursing call button and they don't answer.
 They hide the remote from him so he won't be able to call them.
 Instead, he calls my cell phone and has me call the nursing station to get to him.
After a week of hospitalization it was finally time to get discharged.
 The Korean RN attempted to get my fathers blood thinner prescription filled at the hospitals pharmacy.
 Her accent is so thick to the point the pharmacist misunderstood her request and was attempting to fill in an incorrect medication.
 I had to get on the phone with the pharmacist to explain it was PLAVIX not Protonix.
 They also forgot to give a prescription of painkillers for his post-op pain.
 They had him on round the clock every 4 hour morphine injections so my father would knock out and sleep so they wouldn't have to deal with him yet zero painkillers for home?
 He was dying in pain at home to the point he's asked me to call 911 now.
I have completely lost it here.
 I cannot stand the negligent care my father has received from the dodo-brained staff.
 Doctors are decent, some of the nurses are great, the greater majority aren't.
Mother checked in on a Saturday for a colonoscopy, they had her laid up in bed until Monday evening with no food since Saturday and doctor does a no show with no other doctors available nor any word on when a doctor would be available.
 What kind of patient care is this?
With 3 days of no food, your doctor not showing up and with no indication of when she would be seen she decided to leave your facility.
 Lee is a very friendly and amazing surgeon.
 He always smiles and makes people feel good and relax.
 After the operation was successfully completed, the mother went to the recovery room.
 I don't know the nurse's name there, but she was very kind.
 My mom kept telling me how she helped her.
 San Vincent Hospital has closed their business recently, therefore,  many patients came to this hospital and making more busy.
 That's what all staff members keep say throughout  during our stay.
 That's why I had to stay in the waiting room for a very long time.
 Anyway, after my mom moved to 9th floor, I met 3 nurses.
 They were all Korean which was good since my mom does not speak English.
 Eunice is head nurse and she was very informative and she was very responsible person.
 Yoon was the nurse keep assisting my mom's need most of time.
 She was very kind.
 Yooni is quiet person and she know what she's doing.
 After all my experience was very positive.
 All the staffs were very pleasant.
 Front desk man was very helpful too.
 I noticed that he always watching people very carefully and try to help.
 Before surgery for my mom, There were other nurses I like to thank but I don't know their names.
 They were working at second floor in doctor's building.
 Some Korean some not but all are very friendly.
 There was nurse, not Korean but try to speak in Korean to my mom.
 Starbucks coffee was free to all customers in that building at waiting room.
 By the way their cafeteria was not that impressive.
 Food was OK but not great.
 But I liked that it was not crowed and looks very clean and can find empty good spots.
 I had breakfast, lunch and dinner there.
 There was no other good place to eat outside from hospital.
 parking is cost a lot but that is same to other hospitals in same area but can find lot of empty spots and close to building which is very important.
I want to thank , the doctor and nurses that took care of my mom and also the amazing service we both had.
 She didn't wait to much in the er.
 Anytime I got lost to her room number or needed information or have any questions everyone was very helpful.
 People seem passionate about their jobs everyone is willing to help and go above and beyond.
 My mom had surgery and everything went smoothly.
 I didn't know where to wait one of the nurses was kind to walk me to the waiting area.
 Made sure to give me information where elevators were or where to exit if I needed to leave.
 The food they serve was good enough.
 It's my moms second time coming here and both times have been a good experience.
 When my mom left the hospital also very kind to offer wheel chair and also give parking information.
 The front desk staff was also helpful.
another review goes to my dad's nurse fely from 6th floor.
 shes rude and her voice is so loud.
 my dad complained about the call light because its static at times and hard to understand and she just told my dad theres nothing she can do about it in a very loud voice.
 also when we asked for the nurse which is her she will ask us thru the paging system what is it for, instead of going straight to the room so we can all understanding each other better.
 my dad said she asked her if she can empty his urine botttle and she said let me call the assistant to do it for you, when she can just do it herself.
 she was also the nurse of my dad's roommate and the other patient asked fely if  she can help her clean up and she said I cannot do it because my back is painful.
 why go to work if something is hurting and you cannot do your job right.
 the assistant that was working with her seems like she hates working with her.
 kuddos to my dad's nurse during the day britney, nathalie, and i forgot the name of the male nurse, theyre very nice and helpful and also the assistant jasmin.
 thank you girls for working hard and for taking care of my dad
 Bunch of lazy nurses, and liars.
 My own father reported to me that every time he requests and complain about certain things these nurses and CNA twist stories.
 They never gave my father toiletries, it took them 5 days to give him bed bath.
 And the food is cold by the time it gets to him and the food wasn't even taste good.
 Meat is hard to chew.
 I visited and did not tell the nurses when my dad needed to use his bedpan he pushed the call light button and it took them 20 minutes to answer.
 When they saw me seating they were surprised and gave her the look and told her that YES he waited for 20 minutes.
 Some of his cna is nice and presentable and some of his nurses were to him.
 Fast forward, my mom and sister visited him.
 My mom came home and reported what my dad told him.
 He called for a nurse around midnight for his bed catheter to be emptied because its already full.
 He waited for nearly 3 hours for the nurses, my dad is not a complainer but while he was telling this story to my mom and sister he was crying.
 I was furious, i asked my dad to text me the picture of the catheter being full that leaked onto his bed.
 My dad had a surgery on this hospital without being checked first (MRI) or xray and they put the catheter because of the tumor on his bladder and this what happened to him?
 I mean im thankful that we found that about it but the service sucks.
 My father needed their care but this less of a heart doctor wants my dad to go home because theres nothing they can do but to wait for him to be discharged to another hospital for major surgery.
 My father is in pain every single day and they give him percocet and dilauded every day and receiving physical therapy for his mobility and his pcp over at this hospital wants him to go home.
 This is breaking my heart because this doctor only wants money.
 I know that they need a bed for another patient coming in but my dad is not done with his care.
 This is only telling me that our system is messed up, all about money and less of care because he's been neglected over there.
 He cries everyday and i cant do anything but support him emotionally.
  Its true that if you do not have a very good insurance your care will be less than important to hospitals.
I would 5 stars to the nursing staff here, but it was frustrating to have to tell my medical history repeatedly (15-20 times) while undergoing surgery for acute appendicitis.
 This is not the nicest hospital, but the people who work here are great people and truly did their best to make me comfortable.
 My surgeon was incredible and wonderful person.
The worst was the staff doctor who ordered tests and drugs unrelated to my condition (they wanted to test my blood sugar every 4 hours, but I'm not diabetic at all) and who refused to change a brand of antibiotics for me and then tried to bully me into taking it, with the pharmacist.
 the drug can cause colitis and tendon issues, and I had an inflamed colon and history of tendon issues.
 I called my surgeon and he said I didn't need it, and this guy, who spent 1 minute with me and knew nothing about my chart still insisted I needed a possibly damaging drug.
 Shame on you doctor, you must drive a nice car with those pharmaceutical payoffs.
I had to go through a tough time there due to my wife's surgery.
 All staffs were great and help me manage through one of the toughest times in my life.
 Special thanks goes out to Nurse Young Sawakawa for going extra miles to find extra blankets and a heater.
 It was a short conversation, but that made feel so comfortable.
 Hyo Park for being so thorough and doing the best for my wife.
Came in because my mother had shortness of breathe and had trouble breathing.
 Literally no one in the waiting room and yet they still took over an hr to call us.
 You hear nurses laughing , security not doing anything but being on phones and eating .
 It's about to be 2am and yet no one is hereIf my mother dies I bet not one soul would notice like I said it's EMPTY.
 And don't go telling me to dm you because im not
Hollywood emergency room have a great staff .
 Super friendly and help you when possible really love
I went today for the hospital tour, I'm actually really amazed and looking forward to delivering here since I have heard other story's on how the hospital is  .
 I feel confident and real good for choosing Hollywood Pres.
 Tatiana was our tour lady really nice and patient.
She is a heart patient, and no one knew why she was having breathing problems.
 The nurse on the advice line was very sweet , shes not the problem.
 She asked me if ive ever had  surgery before, i said yes.
 So i called the Doctors office who had given me surgery, which was Dr.
 Bradley Landis , his secretary answered.
 She couldnt tell me, she asked him.
Went on a Maternity Tour, very informative and comforting.
 Tatiana was our guide and was very sweet and knowledgeable.
 Even got a free gift.
Worst place if you are looking for a hospital, keep driving.
 My cousin had a needle in her foot and sent her home.
 She went to another hospital and that hospital told her the nurse practitioner should've sent her to Another hospital.
The 2016 Yelp 500 - Review 88:I came here for some tests and found this to be a top notch facility with great staff.
The lab here is such that with not much of a wait, I was able to depart with my results.
Oh, if you will be using their parking area check to see if you are eligible for parking validation.
 So be sure to bring your parking ticket with you.
Recently had our baby here and honestly it was a great experience.
 I can't complain about anything besides pushy nurses but then again that's their job and I understand.
 All the nurses and doctors were super friendly and for the most part very clean.
 My wife was well taken care of and the baby as well.
 As far as being a dad goes I couldn't complain either about my wife's room with an extra bed that I could use three nights I stayed to help her with the recovery.
 Nice view from the big windows comfortable bed for the dad and attentive personal at all times.
 If your going to have a baby here and aren't those spoiled picky over exaggerating type people you'll be just fine.
 I do feel bad for the medical staff who might actually be professional, caring and competent, but are otherwise tainted by the utterly nefarious practices of HPMC'S business department.
 This has got to stop.
This hospital is the absolute worse.
 The night staff has no compassion towards the patients.
 I was treated like dirt but all the nurses.
 Absolutely nightmare.
On July 18 I attended a hospital tour with Tatiana.
 Tatiana was very informative and thorough.
I have only been to the hospital 3 times in my whole life, it is my second time coming back here and I must say everyone is very nice and super helpful and caring.
 One of RN that was just amazing the first time around was Chad.
 He was so sweet and so friendly made jokes to help me forget the pain I was in.
 It really shows that he enjoys what he does and he was not rude or mean when you asked him for something he had a smile on his face the whole time I was there.
 I came back today 05/22/18, sadly Chad was not my nurse but he remembered me he came over had a conversation with me again with a smile on his face.
 My new nurse Jemellee is also so nice and sweet they dont make you feel uncomfortable or dumb because of the questions you may have.
 The other hospital I had been too was so rude and unhelpful they did 0 tests they sent me home and said to follow up with my doctor.
 Here at Presbyterian they made sure to find out what was the cause of my pain.
 Thank you to all the staff for your help.
We were lucky to have a Korean nurse who was super nice and cordial.
My stay at this hospital was very relaxing the nursing staff was good an always busy especially the ones I had (Thelma)I was in room 1018A she was always observant an there when needed even though she was quite busy My Dorctor Dr.
 Song was good also there was another nurse I had the day I arrived who took all my information and respected my wishes (belief) I don't remember her name.
  But the hospital deserve 5 stars thank you for my care
I deverily my 2 children here the first time I came I'm not gonna lie the nurses were really kind and sweet I got 3 bags of diapers , baby lotions, and bibs gave my papers work on a folder .
 My second time it was a mess  the nurses are really helpful and nice but I dont know if the hospital doesnt have money but this time they only gave me 2 blankets one shirt for the baby all the baby stuff was on my big plastic bag .
 When I was vomiting I was just getting paper towels no bags nor buckets .
 The baby wipes were cheap also when I got discharge all the papers work were a mess no folder and unorganized.
  Its ridiculous theres no security at all they let whoever's come without checking .
 No thank I ain't coming here again
This review is based on ER Nurse Jana.
 She's the most compassionate and meticulous nurse I've ever dealt with.
 I understand that a nurses' schedule is hectic, but she made it an effort to care for each of her patients around the clock.
 I honestly feel like nursing was her calling and I'm sooooo glad she answered.
 I appreciate her so much.
The ER Department at Hollywood Presbyterian is one of the best team of professionals that I have had the privilege of working with.
 They provide exceptional care and advocate for their patients making it a refreshing and encouraging place to come for all your healthcare needs.
Kristina, Maria and Brian from ER was just so great.
 This is one of the best experience from ER ever.
 Great Staffs.
 I've seen so many bad reviews, but 20 min wait for ER and the people here was just amazing.
 This was the best experience ever.
 Thank you so much.
I was just admitted to Hollywood press.
 The day hospitalist is a horrible human.
 At least the nursing staff was kind to me.
 he's washed up and birthday hack and and didn't care about patients as people.
 I received very mediocre care.
 He should have retired a long time ago
Went to the emergency for appendicitis and my RN Angie was amazing.
 Had my baby boy here as well.
 Always a good experience here.
We have spent a lot of time in this hospital and are very pleased with the care our loved one was given.
 I specifically want to thank Narine Bostanjyan, Brenda Le and Jasmine Borga for being kind and dedicated to their work and the patients.
 Our family appreciates all that you have done for us.
This place had saved my life 3 times already.
 Dr Zablan is a great surgeon, Dr Hanna and Dr Cheong are great and took amazing care of me.
 The only time a doctor was rude to me the hospital area related to patient care was in my room super fast and explained me how the process will be on the incident.
 Also a big thank you to my nurses Yce, Princess, Ko, Mun they are amazing and they worry and were always on time when I called them.
 I was at the hospital for an emergency appendectomy the first tiem, a bowel obstruction the second and for an infection in my intestines, all the time they were great with me.
My wife and I had our first baby here last month and.
I won't choose this hospital for our second child.
 No one picks up the phone at the maternity department.
 Okay, maybe once after 10 tries.
 I wanted to confirm if we had a room booked when our baby was due (c-section).
 The nurse gave me a different date from what our obgyn told us.
fast forward to the date of delivery, we go to the front desk of the labor department and the stupid ass nurses are just talking to each other.
 Like a group of 5 are just talking to each other while we are waiting to be served.
 I was looking at a bunch of high school teenagers gossiping away.
 I was hoping for the other nurses walking by to actually assist us but nope.
I recently had a procedure at this hospital and i cannot say how grateful i am to all the people who took care of me from registration to the manager of ambulatory care jinny park who stepped in, calmed me down, and relieved my anxiety.
 She assured me everything will be okay and took her time and went out of her way to make it really comfortable for me.
  Rebecca chang, the one who started my IV, was the best.
 Anna and reza and tech william in cath lab were awesome and made me so comfortable during the whole procedure.
 Ron was checking on me and making sure everything was smooth and explained to me step by step the process.
 I can only mention a few names but everyone was excellent.
 Wonju in the recovery room took the time to make me comfortable as if i was at my own home.
 Dr sroujieh was phenomenal and so calm before and after the procedure.
 Thank you hollywood pres for providing excellent care day in and day out .
 Never use Regency, Molina or Hollywood Presbyterian, all bad.
Very Very Sad excuse of a Hospital.
The maternity section I must admit was exceptional.
The Ambulatory Center?
 Dear Lord.
We entered the pre-op room and it was without a bed.
The hand sanitizer was empty.
There were nose extracts on the wall of our recovery room.
The toilet paper was extremely rough.
Like sand paper.
 THE BATHROOM AND SHOWER HAS DEAD ROACHES inside.
 And it smells really bad.
I'm going to try at all costs to avoid this place in the future.
The volunteer department at HPMC is amazing- I thoroughly enjoyed all of the clinical experience that I was able to obtain, while helping contribute to the center's value of compassionate care.
 Marine was an incredible person to work with within volunteer services and was very understanding with accommodating shift schedules for students.
 She allowed me to balance both academics and volunteering and I can't thank her enough for helping me through this process.
 I will miss my time volunteering.
My father fell and was admitted to Hollywood Presbyterian Medical Center for emergency brain surgery to remove a blood clot in his brain.
  The care he received was unbelievably favorable beyond our expectations.
  The nursing staff was excellent.
  Who was amazing was the neurosurgeon, JOUNG H.
  I have never had a doctor give me his cell phone number to call at any time, and actually answer when I did.
 Lee did not talk down to us with unfamiliar medical terminology.
  He spoke to us in plain English in a manner that we could all understand which was very comforting during a very stressful time.
 Not only did my father have a great outcome, the care he received from Dr.
 Lee was beyond my family's expectation.
  My father spent a total of three weeks at Hollywood Presbyterian.
  Although it's never fun to be in a hospital, the staff and Dr.
 Lee made it a very favorable experience for my father and our family who visited him daily.
 Lee and Hollywood Presbyterian.
Went there Friday night In horrific pain.
 Chest pains , to be exact.
 Constantly had to use the bathroom.
 Only thing I could do was stand.
 Hurt to sit down.
 The ER nurse gave me Morphine , to help with the pain.
 She asked me about my medical history, to which I answered honestly and truthfully.
 I felt that she was attentive and truly cared about my welfare.
 Now upon being admitted to the 6th floor, where I would stay , until 6:30 this evening.
 The early morning wasn't so bad, I had a male nurse that was constantly checking on me.
 After the shift change around 7:30am, is when I felt the miscommunication began.
 The nurse wasn't very attentive, and was condescending; when I asked to let the doctor know I was still in pain.
 The doctor didn't show up, it was his PA that showed yup instead.
 I felt I wasn't really being taken seriously, or that concerns were being addressed.
 I waited hours for the nurse to return, but not with the Tylenol; that she promised me.
 All in all, very unprofessional in my opinion.
 I felt I was treated poorly and that my concerns, weren't taken seriously.
 I would say, if you have go to another hospital in LA.
 Greatly disappointed in the care I received.
Absolutely the worst hospital in Los Angeles, nurses, cnas and even doctors are complete garbage.
 Staff is uneducated and do not know how to perform simple tasks that are a must in the medical field.
 Patients are being abused in every way possible.
 Nurses don't even come in to check on patients and even if they do, nothing is being done at all.
 A cna named Godfrey Uche was being aggressive and abusive towards my grandfather by throwing him around the bed and simply yelling in front him even though my grandfather needed peace after his heart attack.
 Nobody cares about the patients and nobody does anything to save lives, instead they just let patients suffer and die.
 This hospital's conditions and cleanliness are absolute disaster, they simply do not exist.
 Department of Health needs to close this place down or change every staff member, because people are truly being mistreated here.
 This hospital just focuses on sucking out every penny they can from your insurance instead of actually providing help.
 This hospital needs to be closed down.
I have to say that I am very pleased with Hollywood Presbyterian hospital.
 As a first time mom, i was very nervous and scared on what to expect during labor and delivery .
 I also made the personal choice of not to breastfeed.
 From the minute I walked in through the emergency doors till today I have received A+ customer/patient service.
 The hospital staff I interacted with were professional and very attentive to my newborn and my needs.
 GHANDI AND HER TEAM that delivered my baby girl safe via c-section on Tuesday October 6th.
 I'm very thankful to all the nurses on the 7th floor recovery as well and my delivery nurse Liz who helped me push and kept me motivated during my hours of pushing ( I think that was her name.
 I was in pain so I can't really remember.
The only reason I didn't give the hospital 5 stars is because during the time I was in delivery with contractions and in alot of pain one of the financial people came in asking for payment information and basically giving us a bill that i had already paid for back in August.
 I found that tacky and inconsiderate on the hospital's finance departments end.
 I understand they need to get paid but they can wait to meet with you on the day before you get discharged.
 In my case like I said, I had already taken care of my deductible.
 Overall, I had a great first time mom experience at Hollywood Presbyterian Medical Center.
 If I decide for baby #2 I will most definitely coming back to Dr.
I came to the ER because my heart was hurting really bad and my left arm was hurting really bad and I came here at 8:00 PM and the nurses in the ER called me until 6:00 AM I was discharge at 10:00 AM.
I was skeptical about giving birth here due to all the bad reviews.
 I decided to give it a try since I loved the doctor who was supposed to deliver my son.
 I had delivered at Good Sam hospital before and I had no problem at all there.
 My experience was ok though.
 I don't want the bad to outweigh the good.
 Labor and delivery had great nurses.
 Only problem was the doctor was nowhere in sight while I was in labor.
 My baby practically delivered himself.
 The doctor didn't show up until my baby was being weighed.
 Afterwards I was sent to the 7th floor and had an amazing attentive nurse who helped me doing the basics like using the restroom, breastfeeding making sure my baby was latching on, etc.
 the first night I was there.
 I don't want to bring race into the picture but the next day I had Korean nurses who were horrible.
 I asked for help using the restroom because of my heavy bleeding and she rudely responded with a face of disgust that I was able to use the restroom on my own.
 I also expressed that I was having trouble breastfeeding and they didn't offer to contact a lactation consultant or any help  (gel pads or lanolin would've been appreciated.
 My son peed on the bed sheets and one of the Korean nurses named Susan didn't offer to change my sheets and instead brought me extra ones and left them on the bedside.
 I felt terrible as it is and they made my experience worse.
 I had Filipino and African American nurses who were amazing and seemed to genuinely care about me and my baby.
The worst fucking hospital ever I was there for over six fucking hours in the emergency room and got nothing accomplished it turns out I have shingles and they wouldn't even see me
 Cedars is amazing.
 I STRONGLY suggest going to Cedars Sinai.
 GREAT service and great food.
Really really disappointed People here are very rude and un polite Specially when you ask at reception Here is a guy really rude I can't understand how you hired this kind a people They don't have any idea what  means Customer service If they Hate  they're jobs Find something where you be happy
My family member was hospitalized and nobody changed the sheets or cleaned the room for 4 days.
 The food was terrible for his diabetes.
 The Dr showed up once for 5 min.
 We were waiting for the Dr.
 and the specialist for 5 days and they NEVER got there.
 I hope they get there stuff together before the hospital gets shut down.
Absolutely Disgusting.
 Waited for how many hours.
 And still waiting.
 Seriously.
 The worst.
Man this hospital is dirty you guys need to clean the restroom it smells like beach restrooms when it's smell like amona you know they haven't washed this place in awhile.
My wife and I had spent three days and two night for delivery and labor and overall, I would say the hospital stay was a pleasant one and most of the staffs there were nice and knowledge during out stay.
The facility was not the most clean and updated, but fairy organized and maintained.
Here is the problem I ran into.
Although it may not be the same case with everyone visiting this hospital and I'm only speaking of this one person, I must tell you.
there is this security guard at the lobby who checks in all the visitors who had very rude when my family members came for a visit.
He basically made fun of mother entering the lobby for not checking with him first, not knowing the policy and he did not allow any kids to be entered beyond lobby.
When I asked the nurse prior to them visiting, she specifically told me that it was ok.
so I confimred back with the nurse and she told me that only immediate child/siblings were ok.
so, I went back down to lobby to get my daughter to come visit, went to this security officer to check her in and he said 'you can take her in because I don't want to argue with you.
 They are also very careful not to let strangers in.
 Their security is great.
The Emergency Room was empty at 5:30 am today when I went there with excruciating Kidney Stone pain.
 The rude security guard kept making excuses as tho why after 1 hour NO ONE had triaged me.
 I vomited on the floor due to the pain and the security guard threatened to kick me out.
 I will be filing a Hippa complaint
My sister just the had the worse experience of her life.
Labor and delivery Nurses are rude,unprofessional and  have no communication skills.
i could go on and on but I'm just going to say LABOR AND DELIVERY YOU ARE THE WORSE.
 Postpartum was a whole different story, nurses are great.
 But we are never coming back to this place by choice.
I had to take my boyfriend here for a fractured arm.
 We waited 9 hours before we got released.
 By far the worst ER experience of my life.
 The hospital is insanely dirty.
 He notified them that he was unemployed and didn't have health insurance so they offered us a deal to pay $400 upfront instead of the full bill BUT I had to pay before we left otherwise it would be over $3000.
My husband went to the ER and was examined thoroughly and admitted at that time for an unknown infection and a high fever.
  He had absolutely the best care, incredible Doctors, Nurses, and every other person he came in contact with was professional and most helpful.
  Within a few days he was properly diagnosed and released.
  This community is blessed to have this facility within their reach.
If there were a way to give NO stars I would.
 The competence level and care ability of this hospital and its nurses are questionable at best.
 My 85-year-old grandma had surgery there this morning and did not wake up 4 hours after the procedure.
  There was not a single nurse that could tell us what was going on and we later found out that they had not even called the doctor until our family started raising hell.
 It was only after chewing them out that the doctors were notified and present.
 Thankfully she is ok, but I hope the nursing staff at this hospital undergoes a reevaluation soon.
 Horrible horrible experience.
 He was very helpful.
By far the worst ER ever.
 I've been waiting for about 3 hrs.
 Watching people with way greater needs still sit here and suffer and fill out paper work.
 So messed up here.
 Unacceptable.
 Your better off calling 911 in the lobby to get faster assistance -_-
The most degraded hospital complex ever.
 Worse than army field hospitals as far as conditions, environment, services, and treatments.
 During my mother's stay @ hpmc over 30days, they did not finish diagnosis and did not find why and how to treat the health conditions.
 They did not do anything but to have nursing staff aggregate conditions so she had to move constantly to sicu, cicu, micu.
Where to start first things first I came into the hospital not knowing where to go, I was in serious pain and was very cold had a security guard show me the way to the ER.
 Too many doctors taking care of one person.
 None of them were on the same page .
 The third floor was the only decent part of this experience, we had one nurse named Christina and she was amazing and we are thankful for her help.
I've been going to this hospital since I was a child, but haven't been back in over a decade until yesterday.
 I went in to the ER for severe pain for unknown reasons and the entire staff was a dream.
 They were fast, efficient, and gave me all the necessary tests quickly and painlessly.
 They have a male nurse who's only in training but he gave me the most painless and quick blood test I've ever had.
 Everyone was so gentle and kind and exactly what you would hope for going in to an ER terrifies and in pain.
I recently drove up here to complete my new hire health screen.
 The front of the hospital definitely looks more renovated but there is an older part of the hospital where they don't house patients; only have admin staff and employee services.
 The parking has a time limit on what is complimentary and when they start charging (same as other hospitals).
 Luckily, I was able to have my parking pass validated since I was completing a health screen.
The employee services area was at east tower where the old part of the hospital is.
 To be honest, it was kind of spooky and if there hadn't been any staff there, I would be scared.
 the elevators are old school with black numbered push buttons.
 I couldn't even tell if the elevator had acknowledged my request.
After I got my vaccinations and health screens upstairs (nurse Trina I believe), I went downstairs for my lab draw.
 Trina was very kind, patient and explained all the paperwork I needed to sign.
 It was comforting to know all these nurses have been here for years.
 The two staff members there were entertaining and chuckled about my fear of needles and blood draws even though I am a practicing nurse myself.
 The gentleman who drew my blood was very precise and experienced.
 No marks, bruising or unnecessary pain associated with my experience.
I didn't encounter any issues with leaving the parking area with my ticket validation sticker.
When my husband was first there and in ICU it was fine.
 He was transferred to UCLA for surgery.
 It was when he was transferred back that there was a problem.
 He was sent back to have physical therapy and be accessed.
 Apparently their idea of physical therapy is to ignore the patient until they get out of bed out of desperation.
 Once they saw him standing holding onto the wall they said he was fine and discharged him.
 They told me to go get my car.
 When I pulled up he was swaying, standing up and all alone.
Quick review; Burbank always doing clean and proper work.
 This hospital no different.
Emergency room because of food allergy symptoms.
 Got damn vegan burrito.
 Had me breaking out all over hot flashes n shi*.
Ok so I came here because a friend recommended it.
 My review about it is very simple because my case was minor as compared to most people hitting the emergency.
So what I can say about St Joseph's is that the place was clean and well organized.
 They took my info and called me in within 20 minutes.
 As I said my case wasn't major, so as with most emergencies, it's case but case, not first come first served.
 Swelling around my eyes, breaking out, hot cold flashes, etc.
Anyway I was treated with some pills and prescribed some.
 The nurse handling me was nice enough.
 But I didn't appreciate some of the other workers who where having conversations and laughing pretty loud.
 It's like, bitch you don't see people in misery right here?
 You laughing and having a good ol' time aren't you.
 It just wasn't appropriate.
 This place was nice compared to most hospitals I've been to, and overall my experience was pleasant.
I've lived in the Los Angeles area for nearly 20 years and have several chronic conditions, so I have been to my share of ER rooms during this time.
 My husband even came to this ER for kidney stones approx.
 14 years ago and was treated wonderfully.
 How things have changed.
 This hospital was DIRTY (a teen girl sat in blood of a previous patient that a front desk clerk promised he would have cleaned up).
 The one positive thing about the waiting room is that they have charging stations.
 That and the X-ray tech were the 2 things this place had going for them.
 She was nicer than anyone I came in contact with.
 I was here for ongoing back and abdomen pain that was so bad it was making me nauseous.
 Lai, the doctor I saw didn't even bother examining me bc I had been in the Pasadena ER a week prior.
 He dismissed my symptoms.
 Said what I was feeling didn't make sense.
 Did not do ANYTHING initially to help treat my nausea and later told me when I demanded something for it that I never told him about it.
 My only contact with him was him asking me a few quick questions while the nurse was writing down my symptoms.
 I have never in my life been made to feel like such complete trash by an ER room.
 I will never come back here.
 They couldn't even get my address right on my forms.
 Kept putting down an address I'd never lived a completely different state.
My neighbor across the street is from The Gulf War, She has been going to the VA hospital and was delayed for years, with no help.
 We went to Saint Josephs on Wednesday, July 3, 2019.
 The staff in the ER from reception, ER doctors and nurses are a 10 in my book .
 They get you through the paperwork quickly the ER was jammed with emergencies, but the process with the amount of staff that they have runs very smoothly.
 We of course had to wait our turn, and like I said it was the beginning of the holiday weekend, and people were making terrible mistakes that ended them up in the ER.
 Like I said they process people very quickly, and in order of trauma.
 My neighbor was sitting comfortably in a wheelchair, the hospital was calm, and cool as it was a very warm day.
 Once inside, the ER nurse did her intake on why we were there.
 And once the intake was done her journey started through the process of the hospital.
 She had an EKG, and ECG, and MRIs.
 I must say that the doctor in the ER was young, and brilliant.
 It was the first time in seven months of trying to work with the VA at no avail, that someone asked the right questions, very calmly, his pastoring speaking with her was relaxed, and that kept her calm .
 He asked her not to use but his words to describe one of her problems which was dizziness, but to use motion, and describe it in other words.
 And he made a breakthrough with her treatment.
 The nurses in the ER, the pharmacist are also extremely compassionate, calm, listen to the patients, and wasted no time to assist, collect information, and keep the patients abreast of what was going on in the ER.
 They kept my neighbor overnight, and assisted her as I said before for the first time in six months that I've been assisting her at the VA Hospital, Who accomplished nothing.
 I personally want to thank each and every person that works at Saint Josephs for doing an amazing job.
 Makes me feel so proud to live in Burbank California.
 And know that I have a good hospital to go to an emergency.
 My son was born near 26 years ago was an amazing staff.
 But I had not been in the ER ever for myself.
 My husband 10 years ago had stage III cancer the base of the tongue, a very aggressive cancer that only one in four Survive, and he survived and happily is still with us today.
 It was a horrible experience.
 The overall care was pretty good during the three days with three of the nurses, however the rest had very slow response times when called and I had to call multiple numbers to get help needed.
Very unimpressed with my visit to the ER at this place.
 Staff had very little urgency in the emergency area.
 Was not given much help that I needed in the time I was there.
 Felt like I was inconveniencing them by being there.
As I have had SEVERAL procedures at this Hospital, over all I'm usually very satisfied with the care.
 This visit has been a good one.
 As a gluten free vegan, the food options have been a bit of a challenge, HOWEVER, I'm really impressed with the efforts that the dietician has made to bring food that I can eat.
 They have really made a lot of effort to prepare food that is palatable, and tasty.
 As I have said, I have had several procedures here since 1999, and I do have to mention that the younger nurses aren't as attentive as the older ones.
 Their attention to details isn't great, I've had to ask for my linens to be changed, this is after 4 days here.
 They don't check in on you as regularly as they should.
Thankfully someone comes in daily to clean the room.
But the main trash can that the nurses use, at least in my room, is broken.
 They have to use their hands to open it EVERY time they throw any trash out.
 The foot mechanism does not work.
 Everything went so smoothly.
 Love the phone pre-registration a week before the surgery and one day before the surgery.
 Save so much time on the day of the surgery.
 After checking in at the admitting office (right next to the Information desk) in the lobby, went to the waiting room on 2nd floor waiting for room available at the prep-room.
 In the prep-room, changing to the surgery gown and put away all the personal belongings.
 After surgery, staying in the recovery room till fully awake then transfer to short stay waiting room for more observation.
 All the staffs I have encountered are all so patience and friendly.
 Definitely ease my anxiety of having this surgery.
The pre op nurses were great as well as the nurse on the day of my surgery.
 Everyone was professional and very nice.
In March of 2019 I was in an accident where I (not in a vehicle) was hit by a car.
 The injuries weren't too serious, but I went to the nearest emergency room right away.
 I had recently been laid off so I didn't have medical insurance.
 The nursing staff was great.
 I was seen right away and diagnosed with more damage than I expected to find so I am grateful I went and I do appreciate being seen and care i received for the incident.
 The issue I'm having with with the collection agency.
 I understand that it is a collection agency collecting funds for services already  rendered.
 What I don't understand is the lack of professionalism and empathy.
 I hadn't heard anything about the bill and had given billing information to my lawyer.
 So I was not expecting a phone call.
 The attitude that I received once I asked why are they choosing to call me now the day after my birthday to ask me about services I used in march was extremely unprofessional.
 When I asked why hadn't they called me sooner the representative Debbie decided the conversation was over said good bye and hung up in my face.
 I called back because my question was not answered and I had more questions.
 Is my bill considered to be in collections.
  After finding out that I have to get an ultrasound on my penis to later have a doctor open it up with a scalpel, Providence Saint Joseph Medical Center charges a $7 daily maximum parking fee and doesn't take credit cards.
  Without an ATM on site, I can't wait to now send my $7 in the mail.
  Hopefully they use the $7 for clean utensils during the operation on my pecker.
Sat for 7 hours for them to tell my girlfriend and I they don't know what's wrong with her leg.
 The doctor told us to go to a doctor.
 They left a needle in her arm for almost an hour with no nurse checking in.
 Finally we got up to find a nurse to take out the needle and left.
 They are absolutely terrible today.
 The night shift was rude and very confused on what to do.
 I don't think this is a hospital, this is a waiting room.
I rushed my husband here with terrible dog bites on his inner thigh where the flesh was torn back in a flap, his arm was bitten, and I had less serious bites behind my knee and ankle when I got between him and the dog that went after him.
 I can't praise the ER enough.
 It was after 5 am on a Monday morning.
 We were both kind of in shock when we got there.
 A young male nurse named Chris in particular was just incredible.
 He took such care in cleaning my husband's wounds, flushing them over and over, that the plastic surgeon who treated him afterwards said it was pivotal in his avoiding infection.
 Because if my husband's age and bring diabetic, if his leg had become infected it evidently could have resulted in a wound that simply never fully heals.
 I didn't even realize this until we were told by the doctor.
  Chris if you happen to read this, thank you with all our hearts.
 Though Chris was unbelievably great (and my whole family back in the Midwest are doctors, nurses, anesthesiologists, orthodontists including my cousins.
 the entire staff we interacted with was wonderful.
 I am drawing a blank with names right now but if I remember I will come back and add them.
 In billing, helped find my insurance info as I raced over without my card or anything, and was kind of out of it at that point.
 From the intake nurses to the physicians assistant, everyone was great.
 We are very grateful.
Here an update.
I was told it would be another 2 hours of wait.
 Short story I went to West Hills ER and had to go into surgery.
 The biggest difference I noticed besides the staff at west hills loving what they do and showing care to the patients.
 Biggest take away was a RN and a NP/PA  triage you together and thus sending you right away for labs and ct or X-ray while you wait.
 West hills was amazing.
 This Burbank ER needs better structure.
No soap or running water in patients' bathrooms--all replaced by antibacterial hand sanitizer dispensers.
 Doctors arrive before 8 am, largely unwilling to discuss anything or answer questions, do not return calls.
 Questionable cleanliness of patient rooms that were dry mopped in the morning to remove any items that may have fallen to the floor the previous day.
 Nursing staff generally good, though occasionally unduly rough with patients.
Vending machines sell only junk food; whole fruit very hard to come by in this hospital--job security for hospital staff?
Parking available, though pricey.
I'm giving them 2 stars for not having enough Doctors, for me spending 6 hour if  my life there on the hallway before they took me to get a CT.
The worse service ever, I been to this hospital for many many years, but this time I thought I was at General Hospital where I heard you wait there all day well Providence Saint Joseph Burbank unfortunately is getting like that, Get more help so you can run my hospital the way it used to be.
We live in Burbank so Saint joes is where we end up.
 So let me tell you it has gotten so bad lately.
 The nurse at the emergency room had major attitude issues so that was the beginning.
The emergency rooms are open spaces and are only separated with drapes that are open, so you can see all the patients in all positions.
 Then they rolled in the vagrants ( homeless mentally ill).
 They put them in the beds next to us.
 They were literally 4 feet away from us and were Yelling swearing and throwing tantrums.
 The nurses looking like space walkers with full on covered gears and masks came in to clean up the mess from this people.
 So they undressed their filth off of them.
  the smell was unbearable like a giant open sewer septic tank.
 I ran out gasping for air trying not to vomit as my poor mom was next door laying unattended.
 The security guard that was guarding the crazy  patients said it was 85 degrees in there and no ac.
 So i finally got us out of there and moved into a room upstairs.
  From 11 am to 8pm my mom didnt get any food or water or iv into her system.
  so she was feeing weaker.
 As i demanded food for her, she ended up with some pureed potatoes as the only option.
 We had settled with the idea just when she spit out a melted peace of plastic that was in the food.
 Everyone in the ER night staff was amazing.
 They made a very scary & stressful situation a lot less daunting by being thorough, professional, and caring.
 The team took care of me like a well oiled machine.
  Although I don't remember very much of my actual procedure of having a stent placed - I do remember the Cath Lab nurses taking extra care to make sure I was calm & comfortable.
My night nurse, Brittney, was the most amazing.
 She took great care of me, made sure I was healing properly, was comfortable & was well-taken care of.
 I highly recommend St.
 Joseph's for medical care.
 Every single person was wonderful, from the Doctors to the people who took my lunch order - courtesy & professionalism at it's best.
This place is really hit or miss.
 Some nurses are awesome and some are terrible.
 I chose this hospital because I loved the facility.
 My son was delivered here 8/2015 and it ended up being a decent experience.
 L & D nurses were all good on the day I actually went into labor.
 I had 2 false alarms and was less than impressed with the nurses on those days.
 After being moved up to recovery my experience completely went downhill.
 I was in excruciating pain after giving birth less than an hour ago and the nurses were looking at me like I had 3 heads.
 One nurse was really rough with my newborn baby on the first night and if I had been on less drugs I might have gotten a little rough with her.
 If I ever delivered here again she would not be anywhere near my child.
 I had to repeatedly ask for pain medication and water and then had to wait forever for it.
 The lactation specialists were really helpful and really sweet.
 They explained everything well and weren't pushy at all.
 They truly wanted to help you.
Another reviewer said they wish they could give this place no stars.
 I wish I could give this place negative stars.
 I had a bad experience prior to the last time I came but I thought I'd give it another try.
 The first Dr I seen who took my vitals requested a blood draw before I seen the actual Dr who was to treat me.
 When that Dr came around, he diagnosed me in under 5 minutes and never looked at the results from the blood draw.
 I got a bill for the blood draw regardless and asked that I not be billed for it because my doctor and myself never looked at the labs.
 They said they had to bill because the work was done.
 I disputed it with them and of course I lost because they review it internally so now I have to pay for this bill for a service I really never received.
 I will never come back here for its lack of unprofessionalism and racking up bills just to charge people money.
A basic hospital.
 They don't have the skill sets to take care of a patient that is from a sub acute health unit.
 Will be avoiding taking my family member here from now on.
This place is the best hospital in the Valley.
 I've never had to wait very long and the staff is incredibly friendly and attentive.
 I watched as a nurse late last night (around  2am)  worked tirelessly to get this guy a cab, even when he was rude to her.
 She was having issues finding one but would not stop until she did.
 Whoever you are, a tip of the hat to you for being a rock The doctors are great and don't try to add on things to charge you more.
 I felt very safe and taken care of.
 If you need a hospital, this is the place.
I haven't been here, but the doctor-group I've just affiliated with has privileges at this hospital.
 After reading about these experiences on Yelp, and the form letter/PR appropriate responses provided by the hospital itself, I don't think I'd be caught sick or dead here.
 Will be looking for a doctor-group affiliated with Cedars.
Hospital staff are nice, but don't wash hands or use gloves when providing patient care.
 If you're going to get care here, tell your nurse to wash their hands or use hand sanitizer and wear gloves for your own health and protection.
Everyone that we met was so kind and knowledgeable.
  My boyfriend sliced his finger open the other night and we were out of the hospital woth him getting stitches and a shot in about 35-40 minutes.
 Great staff.
This is the long long short story, wife was brought in a ambulance from work for respiratory issues and she is also pregnant.
 The intake lady came in took insurance and copay after about forty-five minutes of arriving.
 She wasn't seen by anyone for three hours in a room, place filled up a and empty a few times.
 The first nurse Tony was super forgetful or just over his shift and ready to leave.
 She was cold and asked for a blanket, he forgot and brought two about forty-five  later after seeing her with two jackets covering her.
 We used the buzzer on the wall because after three and a half hours she just wanted to leave.
 We waited another half hour then used the buzzer again and the guy answering was puzzled that Tony still hadn't come to check on us, and we wanted to leave.
 Ten minutes later the Dr showed up and she was incredibly amazing.
 She wanted to have blood drawn, fluids given through IV because she was dehydrated, and influenza swab done.
 Tony finally shows up fifteen minutes after doctor leaves and says he hears we wanted to leave AMA (Against Medical Advice).
 We said the Dr came in and we decided to stay.
 So now he's bummed he had to do all of these things.
 My wife says she also has heart burn about seven to ten times, he does nothing.
 Then right before hooking her up she throws up into the little baggies.
 Then he hooks her up and gets blood everywhere.
 She gets blood drawn every month since she had been pregnant and I have never seen that happen before.
 He says to her she has weird veins.
 Does the fetal heart monitor and leaves.
 About 20-30 minutes later her fluids bag has emptied and a new nurse who was also lovely comes in and everything finally starts happening, and test come back plus answers are finally given.
 At this point we have both been there six hours.
 They wanted to keep her because they said her heart rate was a little high.
 My wife and I said she would do much better at home and taking a hot salt bath then resting in bed and would come back if anything escalated.
 But Tony forgot to record the fetal heart beat so we have to do it again before we can leave.
 We finally got to leave after six and a half hours, without getting any prescriptions or anything.
 We get home to look at the paperwork they gave us and she was given a prescription for tums, which no one told us about.
 Seriously, it's an over the counter drug.
A few years ago I had surgery at this hospital.
 I was very impressed of how well I was taken care of.
 I was in the hospital for 3 days and had a private room.
 My other half was treated very well and was allowed to stay with me through out my stay.
 I wanted to give birth to my baby here but could not travel that far.
 This is by far the best hospital that I have ever stayed.
 Too bad I no longer have great insurance due to not be able to afford it because of this Obama crap.
 I'm forced to get Kaiser which this hospital does not take.
 Special thanks to all the nurses and doctor who took care of me when I had my surgery.
For a Los Angeles ER- my experiences here have been ok.
 I was recently there and came in around 12am and was called back around 2:30-3 they kept me in a bed in the hallway as other people have described and proceeded to give me meds through an iv.
 The staff and dr was very nice, patient, and helpful,  answering most of the questions I had.
 I left still having a pretty bad migraine, upper respiratory infection and other ear nose throat symptoms.
 All in all based on some of the pictures of other hospitals I've seen, Saint Joseph seems to be well above average,
The review is strickly for the billing department.
 The staff was very quick and friendly.
 The waiting room had toys and a fish tank that kept her busy while we waited to be seen.
 The nurses even gave her stickers and some stuff to color.
 We were in an out within two hours.
 I'm very happy with this hospital and the ER staff.
emergency department employees are absolutely rude, tired and making patients feel more depressed.
 2 stars are getting only some of the employees transportation guys and some of the lens and RNs in the hospital.
 the doctors OMG so rude.
 RN leaders in the ER wow are so rude.
 I do not recommend Providence at all and I regret ending up in this hospital.
 Truly incredible.
 The support staff reached back out and understood my situation more clearly after thorough explanation and consulting.
 My problems have been resolved to the fullest extent and I have faith restored in the system.
 If that isn't the epitome of GREAT customer service, I don't know what is.
I really like this physical therapy office.
 Kim at the front desk was always kind and accommodating and always answered phone calls or returned my calls promptly.
 I was specifically in the Hand Therapy section of the facility so that's the only experience I have with this medical center.
 Ruby, my physical therapist, was very nice and knowledgeable and attentive to my concerns.
 Although I only had 6 sessions here, they were all good quality and helpful exercises, and Ruby custom made me braces for both wrists on my first visit.
 I was sent here by my employer since it's was a work injury, but I would recommend this medical center for private appointments as well.
 Because all of my visits were covered by worker's comp however, I do not know the cost of care with regular insurance.
We can't say enough about what a great job the staff and providers at St.
 Joe's did for us.
 It has been 9 months since our baby was born at St.
 Joe's and I still remember the names of the staff who took care of us.
 From the day we arrived into L+D at 31 weeks, to labor one week later (thank you Christine, Michelle and so many more), post partum (Christine del Oro) and a 3 week stay in the NICU (thank you Varouj, Jacquie, Liz, Jennifer (charge nurse) Jennifer (night nurse with great eyelashes); you are all wonderful people.
I had minor surgery at the hospital.
  From the time I walked in until I was wheel chaired out, professionalism was shown.
Friend had to get a surgery done here.
Place is very clean & staff are friendly.
I got the same surgery done at Good Sam with the same doctor.
 Providence is way better hospital than Good Sam.
Clean hospital, but I feel like they force more c section deliveries than any other hospital.
 I am so devastated.
 What's worse is they don't allow vbac.
 Almost everyone that I've known who has had a baby here ended up with a c section.
 All they want to do is make money here.
 I will never ever deliver my babies here.
The ER took me right away.
 The doctor was compassionate and actually took the time to educate about my condition.
 He treated me and provided follow up care.
 The whole staff was friendly and helpful.
 One of the best ER experiences I've had.
 Will choose this hospital in the future
They managed to lose two separate faxes from an urgent care and insurance company.
 Truly awful.
Having been here for five days I can honestly say everyone has been great.
 From the doctors to the entire nursing staff and even the hospital's chaplains both catholic and Jewish could not have been warmer and mor compassionate.
 The  facility is spotless, the lobby looks like a hotel, my room on the top floor has a beautiful view and is clean, comfortable and new feeling.
 It's nice that ALL the rooms are private and have a place for a loved one to stay the night in the room with you as my husband did.
  I thought it was going to be a little far from my home, but the extra miles are worth it.
I don't know a single person who likes going to the hospital/ER .
 But every time my son gets sick it always seems to worsen at night and or weekend so i have had to bring him in a few times.
 The staff tries very hard to see young children right away and thats what i like about this ER I've never had to wait long to have him seen.
Saint Joseph is a part of Providence Health.
 They have a century long history and base their care on Catholic principles which is translated to gentle holistic approach on every level.
 Nurses, doctors, technitians everyone in the hospital are devoted to their mission of helping people.
They have always provided great care.
 Whenever I went there for a lab work it's fast and easy.
 Parking although paid is convenient.
  It is clean and well maintained.
 The child delivery department is excellent.
I have read some of the reviews and agree that this hospital isn't perfect but the nurses and staff  cared for my moms needs in a most dignifying way as she was recovering from a heart attack.
 Because my mom was on life support twice during her stay we got to know the icu nurse Julie quite well.
 She treated my mom as a person not a job.
 Love love love Julie in icu.
Unprofessional E.
 support staff.
 I just have to say that I understand that E.
's can get busy and the sicker you are the quicker you are processed in the E.
  That's fine.
 But my problem was with the lack of communication about patients between some (not all) of the nurses, the doctors, the PA's and support staff.
   It is the first time I ever felt like I should walk out and drive to a different E.
 because of the lack of interest in even assisting me once.
  Instead I did get to hear a lot of funny joking around and bantering between the nurses and support staff.
  They are so disorganized.
  There are better places to go out there, I know.
 I've taken family members to E.
 before at other hospitals and it wasn't like this at all, it was a good experience.
Don't go there, go to a different hospital.
    I hope to never wind up here again if I can help it.
Great hospital i am not able too come here because i am bound too kaiser but i volunteered here and it is such a great atmosphere with friendly knowledgable staff and a clean emergency room.
 Emergency room takes upmost care of you and really genuinely cares and are not their for just the paycheck, would recommend too come here for anyone ask for mat in the emergency room he is the best .
Well ,gave the ER one star because i could not find -5 on yelp( ouch).
Took my dad to ER for gross blood in urine ( i should have called 911 ) and upon arrival i did let the old buzzard ( front desk) know that he is having gross blood in urine and he us stage 5 renal 80 year old patient and he has to be seen STAT .
It took over 3 hours and Over 7 registered nurses including an ESCORT RN (all she did escort him the whole 10 feets from one room to another).
 The ER MD shows up looked at  the blood work in 5 sec.
  Top He is in Renal failure n run away Brilliant .
When i tried to tell him that what i told  all ER staffs from the buzzard to escort His A : we are busy here ,we see over 250 patients ( customers .
che  chengggggg).
As if that should comfort me .
What surprise even more  was the answer of RN in the main hospital after my dad was assigned a room.
Horrible service and long wait times.
 I myself am a nurse and the quality of care here is absolute crap.
 Never bring any family members if you actually need urgent help.
 Better off equating resources and calling 911 if you need this place.
 At least the paramedics can care for you before arrival.
Totally not recommended unless you have a DEATH WISH.
 So the very next day after the original post, my buddy broke out into a full on Allergic Eruption and had to take an ambulance he could not afford.
 A different doctor gave him a steroid shot and a cream, both of which he could've received during the first visit.
Totally preventable, but b/c the first doctor was such an IDIOT my buddy has to suffer all this extra pain and additional medical bill.
 On a fixed income (disability) this should NOT have happened.
 Definitely planning a full lawsuit & reporting him to the medical board.
 This is seriously negligence.
I saw Val Hunter for Hand Therapy.
 She is right on top of the most current trends and topics in the therapy world.
 She and her team were great to work with, and I got wonderful results from my sessions there.
I had an appointment for ultrasound at 8 am and was asked to reach by 7:30 am.
 I reached the hospital at 7:29 am (as my parking stub also indicates).
 I was to asked to enter my name on an 'appointments only' list and was asked to wait in the waiting room by the girl at the reception.
 There was only one name in the list before mine who had arrived before me but was scheduled for an appointment at 8:30 am.
 The girl called him in and got him registered before me.
 There were around 5 - 6 walk-in patients who were registered.
 Some walk-in patients who had arrived after me were registered too but I was kept waiting.
 Finally at 8 am which was my appointment time, I asked the staff why was no one helping me, the girl said the the person whose appointment was at 8:30 had arrived before me and that I was late so she got him registered before me.
 I reminded her that I was asked to reach by 7:30 am and I was exactly on time.
 She said she had to help on first come first serve basis.
 After all the walk-in patients were done with registration she started with my paperwork.
 Around 8:10am she was done registering me and asked me to sit in a different waiting room where she told me that my technician would come and get me for my ultrasound soon.
 I waited there for 35 minutes but again no one came to help me.
 At 8:45am I went back to the girl at the reception to find out whats going on and she informed me that the technician just walked out.
 When the technician returned, I was shocked to hear her say that she received the registration paperwork at 8:15am and that I was late for my 8 am appointment.
 I had reached exactly on time and was still kept waiting for more than 75 minutes.
 The staff is totally irresponsible.
worst experienc ever.
 my heart was racing in the middle of the night an i rushed to the ER they ignored me for 3 hrs and then when i was finally admitted the hispanic nurse( watch it for her) she tried to avoid me the whole time and was very very rude.
 as for the dr she ran all sorts of tests and didn't know what was wrong with me .
My insurance company contacted Providence and provided them with the information that they had given me that stated that I owe nothing.
Yet today, Providence referred my account for collection.
 I have filed an official complaint of insurance fraud and notified my Doctor that nothing of mine is to be sent anywhere that might be billed through the hospital.
 I am prepared to leave my doctor over this horrible excuse for a medical facility.
TERRIBLE.
 DIRTY, doctors don't run tests, doctors are rude and incompetent.
 The nurses are nice.
I've been to the ER quite a few times here, and I have to say the staff is excellent.
They make you feel as comfortable as possible.
 Some days, it can be a hit or miss, where you are waiting a very long time in the ER.
However, if you go during the night, it is less of a wait.
The ER does a great job managing the insanity.
 At the ER they will have your vitals taken- and  if your truly about to die - you will be taken in immediately (we were).
 If your vitals are fine- but your in death pain- it could be a 2-4 hour wait (originally quoted).
 The Hospital stay though was amazing.
 The oncology nurses on the 8th floor were so so amazing.
 Elry, Jody, and Theresa all deserve accolades for their care and support.
 A+ nurses which really made everything feel like it's all gonna be ok.
 when life can feel so scary.
Good hospital.
Very clean and little wait.
Last week I had a sudden and very serious medical problem come up that resulted in my wife calling the paramedics.
I was transported by ambulance from my home to Providence Saint Joseph Medical Center.
 I was given very prompt attention in the Emergency Room.
 A specialist in the type of problem I was exhibiting was called in and arrived quickly.
 I was admitted to the hospital and taken to intensive care.
 The immediate, life threatening problem was addressed and from that point on I needed to recover.
The nursing staff in the ICU at Saint Joseph were top notch.
 They clearly cared about how I was doing and did everything possible to make sure I was as comfortable as I could be under the circumstances.
 After being transferred out of ICU, I was pleasantly surprised that the amount of compassion and attention to my situation did not seem to diminish at all.
There are two TV's in the admission area of the ER while you wait to be seen by triage.
 The staff have always been friendly while administering their tests with me, and aren't afraid to answer any questions I might have about treatment.
  Most of the rooms have little tv's in them to keep you company while they draw your blood or are waiting for an x-ray or CAT Scan, MRI.
  Although hospitals are never an in/out scenario, it was quite pleasant to be there when I needed to.
The ER is understaffed.
  It's disgusting what they charge insurance but their service isn't anything special.
  Wait time is well above 4 hours.
  They just try to alleviate the issue, not truly diagnose the problem.
  Definitely forget preventive care.
  Additionally sad is my friend has serious medical issues, had to schedule her own appointment for a special exam, was told 3 months, called back another day and got an appointment 1 month.
  People are suffering and their staff can't figure out their open schedules?
  That's ridiculous.
Clean, caring, organized, doctors are humans who want to help others and treat you with care.
 THIS IS how a hospital should run
Absolute joke hospital.
 I have called  over 3 times to getA simple answer on my brothers condition and all I  Get is the run around.
 No one will talk to me and then they put me on Hold for 10 minutes with no intention of Getting back to me.
 They mine as well have just hung up on me.
Awful emergency room.
 It is astoundingly awful.
 Went here for an eye emergency and I was in horrible pain.
 No one offered to bring me any painkillers or water.
 They just brought me into a room where the doctor told me to go see the doctor that gave me the original procedure.
 The doctor told me to go somewhere else to get help.
 He had no idea what was wrong with my eye or where even to look but just brushed it off because he did not see any redness (and also barely looked).
 I also heard some nurses talk about porn in the hallway.
 Total lack of empathy present which is what an ER so needs.
 This place is a joke.
 The doctor Al-Abdullah was a joke.
 He was nice but had NO idea what he was doing.
 Or knew anything about even looking at an eye, tragically.
Based on personal experience, Huntington Hospital in Pasadena has a better ER.
 Each visit has been incredible--if one has to go to the ER.
 The staff are all so helpful and efficient.
 They try to whisk you right in based on the severity of your condition.
 Once inside you get seen right away.
 I had to have an X-ray on my elbow and the process took less than an hour.
 Everyone you encounter along the way are so friendly and make the experience if not enjoyable then as good as possible.
 The facility itself is beautiful.
 Huge and modern and CLEAN.
 You'd think you were in a museum.
 I am very thankful for everyone who helped me.
 I certainly don't hope to return anytime soon but at least I know it will be a good experience.
 UPDATE: two days after writing this I ended back in the ER and as I wrote the experience is so professional and smooth.
 I'm writing this from my hospital room waiting to learn if I need surgery.
 UPDATE: I spend two days there in a very comfortable room cared for by the most efficient and caring nurses, Florence and Asta whose kindness I'll never be able to repay.
 The doctors ordered many tests and medications to stabilize me and it was effective.
 They discharged me with complete and thorough follow up instructions and RX which was waiting for me in the pharmacy downstairs.
 My deepest most heartfelt thanks to everyone down the line.
 Received the most extraordinary care imaginable.
 Every staff member down to the person who cleans the rooms conducts themselves with care and compassion and kindness.
 Ghassemi GI Specialist for personally helping me get a referral for crucial diagnostic testing for finally uncover a diagnosis for my troubling health issues.
 UCLA is a hospital that ALL hospitals should use as a model of excellence.
Update in response to Georgiana M, again: It seems you have edited your comment since the last time you responded.
 As I have said, I have contacted your office (outside of this Yelp review) MANY, MANY times, and it's always the same.
 You have very poor customer service, and the errors that you make are ridiculous and very costly to consumers who don't have the time or energy to be constantly contacting you to request reviews.
 Also, your office doesn't keep good notes, so there is always confusion when I have called and inevitably talk to a new employee.
 I am hoping I never have to contact you again, and no, I don't want to fill out a survey.
Had a major surgery there on 12/2, released on Thursday.
 The surgeon was top notch.
 The hospital staff left a lot to be desired.
 The recovery room nurse was the worst healthcare employee I have ever encountered.
 My surgery was delayed 6hrs.
 By the time I had the surgery and moved to recovery I was the last patient of the night.
 It was late (11:30p) the guy nurse was so rude and inattentive refusing to get off his computer when I was asking for help with my eyes.
 My skin was having an allergic reaction to the ointment they put in my eyes while under general anesthesia.
 My skin was burning and on fire.
 He completely ignored me until someone new walked in and I started crying and begging for their help.
 It was at that time he jumped off his computer he allowed my loved one back and I was quickly whisked up to my room.
 The next day the skin around both eyes was red and burned.
 all the skin peeled off several days later.
 The surgeon told me I was having an allergic reaction to the cream wiped on to my face.
  The next day a nurse was training a young nurse.
 She insisted I needed a second IV.
   I questioned it and did not want the young trainee to do the IV (of course ) they said she was the only one.
 She couldn't get it in, my veins were small having just had surgery.
 The IV was attempted 3 times.
 I was very upset  and while this was going on the surgeon walks in.
The nurses discreetly exited.
 Ridiculous.
 Seriously.
 That's a problem.
 I did have one notably good nurse during my 4 day stay.
 Her name was Angela and she was such a beautiful soul.
 Wonderful nurse.
 Took great care.
 Hands down the most lovely nurse I've ever encountered.
 PLEASE Ronald Reagan get more nurses like Angela.
I visited the ER on August 8 at 7:00am, with a need for a catheter due to chronic urinary retention.
 Unfortunately, this happened to be during the 'shift change'.
 After I was admitted, I was told to wait and a doctor would be right out (with no one else waiting).
 My condition was naturally worsening, pain level maybe 5 or 6 and my bladder near explosion.
 After about 10 minutes, I went up to the front desk and was again told that they were still undergoing a shift change.
 In the meantime, I'm listening to the useless banter of idle chitchat going on, and feeling no empathy, let alone compassion, from anyone.
UCLA Emergency Department is awesome.
 You guys are amazing.
 A professional, hardworking, compassionate and caring team of doctors, nurses and other staff.
 Thanks for taking care of my 96 year old father.
 Kirk RN you're the best
I had been seeing UCLA doctors in various locations and willing to travel once I find someone I like.
  My kids see a UCLA pediatrician in Santa Monica and we have been so happy with them.
  The Medical Center, however, was a nightmare for me, with fragmented services and information, nothing seems set up from the patient's perspective, no one knows the whole picture of your health.
  The physicians based here are impossible to schedule with, and if you are lucky to get in, they run late.
 Waste of time and insurance.
 I suggest anyone going to cedars , they are helpful and actually you will go home feeling better .
My almost 3 year old daughter has been a patient at UCLA since she was 7 months old.
  She has 7 specialists here.
  We have always had great service in the hospital and in the physician offices.
  I don't trust anyone else with her care.
Run to cedars or sSt Johns unless you are in dire condition.
 This is an ER with the single worst resident I have encountered .
 The attending was warm and articulate but busy with life threatening issues w other patients.
  I only had  severe pain from intractable migraine.
  It's understandable from a triage point of view  that attending was needed elsewhere.
 It's just that the resident Had no idea about my chronic health condition.
 He was arrogant and dismissive.
 Almost gave me meds contraindicated.
 By my genetic medical condition separate from migraine.
 He would be a great pathologist or working at coroners office but should not work with the living.
Was stuck in the hallway on a gurney for 8 hours.
I understand the rooms are only for life threatening cases.
UCLA is along w USC the best place if you are bleeding out or  life threatening situation.
 But if you have kidney stones , or a migraine , the flu or a normal type of injury or infection , think twice before you go to UCLA in Westwood.
 Only my Dr calling fromcedars helped get the right medications.
 They stepped up and finally helped me.
  Every single nurse was knowledgeable re allergic reactions , migraines , All were empathetic Go to Cedars.
 Hiyama, who is a surgeon that specializes in gastric surgeries.
 I saw him twice, and both times he spoke negatively of my doctor, had very poor bedside manner, and who would only spend a few minutes with me.
 I waited an hour past my scheduled appointment with no apologies.
 He wasn't willing to begin the process of my surgery, even though I am in constant nausea and I'm having a hard time either holding food down or otherwise.
 Hiyama refuses to respond to the numerous phone calls and emails both myself and Dr.
 After I called over four times in one week and after Dr.
 Ghassemi had emailed him twice, I put in a complaint with customer relations.
 Customer relations basically told me that there's nothing they can do but put in a complaint.
 I live in Las Vegas and have had to pay to fly in to see him, with absolutely no communication afterwards.
 He has postponed my surgery by over 4 months, while I'm living with debilitating nausea.
 I will NEVER refer anyone to UCLA after this experience.
 Because my stimulator is failing, so will my health.
 I was 82 pounds when I had the stimulator originally installed in October 2008.
he doesn't seem to care if I continue to get worse.
I had a terrible experience here.
 This ER is reminiscent of a county hospital.
 Blood splats remain on the furniture from previous patients(see pictures).
 I brought my husband in for a thrown out back.
 He was in writhing agony, not able to stand up or move.
 Upon arrival we were seen quickly however were left neglected for the following 5 hours.
 Since we were not dying or a trauma case, they seemed to think we were not worthy of their time.
 We sat waiting for hours and each time the nurse came in she would tell us the doctor would be with us and then leave and never come back.
 What could have been a quick diagnosis was dragged on through the duration of the the night.
 My poor husband in crippling pain, and me, cranky and sleep deprived had to sit it out (I was actually standing).
 This facility was very unorganized as we saw 3 different doctors and had to tell them the story all over again.
 The faculty seems disgruntled and apathetic towards the patients.
 I won't return to this ER even if my life depends on it.
 My husband found little to no relief from our visit, if anything he almost seemed worse off from going and being sleep deprived for a night due to waiting around for 5 hours, just to be told they may send him home with Motrin.
 Absolutely awful.
 To top it off, they make you pay 12 valet and make you walk to get your our own car.
This place is way too expensive for food and parking you would definitely spend approximately $40-45.
 The most reasonable place inside this hospital is SUBWAY.
and if you are disable forget it because the subway is  in the bottom of the hospital with all steps.
 so you would have to try the cafeteria food if you are hungry.
First of all my friend was hit by the metro link.
 If that's not bad enough the ambulance brought her here.
 They do not take care of their patients.
 Extremely disappointed.
This review is for UCLA Medical for a few of their locations in Santa Monica and the Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center.
  The doctors are fine but the billing/cost of healthcare is astronomical and ridiculous and nowhere equals the level of service received.
  They charge for everything multiple times over.
  You will literally be billed for anyone who touches your test results or even looks at you.
  I was charged $279 FOR THE ROOM where I had a 10 min doctor consultation.
  I have never ever paid for the room for a consult - an ordinary room with three chairs, a bench and a computer.
 If I knew I would be charged for the room, I would have met the doctor in the hallway or on the sidewalk.
  I was billed for a nurse to tell me my results over the phone.
  However, her information was minimal and incorrect.
  It really makes me rethink where I receive my healthcare.
 The experience with UCLA billing department is frustrating.
 They gave different answers to my question, and they never fix it.
If you are ever an in patient, the rooms are more spacious and comfortable than cedars Sinai.
 I visited in laws at cedars Sinai and the rooms are way smaller compared to Ronald reagan Ucla.
 You can have a guest sleep over comfortably at UCLA as the sofa becomes a bed.
 Every inpatient room had a view outside.
Staff quality depends on the floor you're one.
 They are not perfect but feedback I've lodged three years back are being heard.
 For example, don't draw my blood 430am in the morning.
 So they are experimenting with no staff visits from 11pm to 6am unless necessary.
 Last time I was in the hospital, they didn't draw my blood until 6am so I could actually sleep.
emergency room wait times are unpredictable.
 You think you're next then some really sick people come from the ambulance.
 Urgent care is probably better for you unless you're really dying.
 In which case you'll be seen right away.
 Way better than county usc wait times, but they prioritize so you should really be sick.
 Not have a cold or something.
My review applies to their interventional radiology department.
 I had a lumbar puncture last year.
 They kept telling me they were going to take me in in a few minutes.
 Two hours went by.
 After they took me in I had to wait on a table for a long time.
 At the last minute they pushed something in front of me to sign.
 I was at my wits end and foolishly signed it.
 They never gave me a copy of what I signed.
 The fellow who seemed to be in charge then introduced a Dr who was learning the procedure and would try to do it on me.
 He failed and then he failed again.
 I was laying on my stomach and didn't know if I could get up or what.
 The said the learner was going to try a third time.
 I begged them not to let him do it as I was experiencing severe pain and leg spasms.
 He took another try and again failed.
 I got more insistent on no more tries.
 Then they brought a competent Dr in who drew the fluid as best he could.
 Some of the sample was quite denatured with blood.
 Ultimately most of the tests were performed but some were limited by the fact that blood was in the sample.
In my opinion is that their main interest is providing lab animals for their students and patient care is secondary.
In speaking to a physician friend he told me I should have insisted on only one try by a student.
 I recommend patients make that clear if they go here.
I will admit that is has been some time since I was a patient at Ronald Regan UCLA Medical Center, but I was so impressed with the staff that I have continued my care with a GI specialist at UCLA Thousand Oaks.
 I originally came to UCLA to be seen by their GI doctors in their IBD Center after several years of dealing with IBD and not having much success with the current treatment by my then physician.
 I LOVED the staff from the get go and within two appointments (and a few tests) it was determined that surgery was necessary.
 Everything that had to do with my surgery was stellar, if one can say that about a surgery, for the most part.
 The colorectal surgeon was just as amazing as my GI.
 And the surgery prep was the best I have ever had, all of the medical professionals I encountered were amazing.
The ONLY thing that I was unhappy about was that four of the five days of my recovery were spent in what I believe was the basement.
 It was a recovery area that was basically one big space that was broken down into little alcoves each with a bed and a chair and the same sort of items you would find in a small hospital room and a small nurses station.
 The one bathroom that I was aware of was shared by several patients and their visitors (which didn't really affect me too much as I was only allowed to us the portable commode in my little alcove).
 I had originally been told when scheduling my surgery that once the surgery was over, I would be placed in one of their new rooms, which I would have all to myself as all of their new rooms were single occupancy.
 I was greatly looking forward to that.
 But to my disappointment, once my surgery was over, I found out that it was common to be down in the basement for recovery before being moved to a room, which would have been OK, except that I was told I would only be down there for the first day of my recovery until my room was ready.
 And I was stuck down there until the evening before I was to be discharged.
 I was not moved into a room until around 5pm on my fourth day at the hospital.
 A pullout bed for my husband and also a recliner chair.
 A bathroom with a shower (which due to the nature of my surgery I was not allowed to use).
 The menus were extensive for a hospital (and also differed from what was offered in the basement).
 The staff was not quite as sweet as they had been in the basement, but still decent enough.
 The discharge process also was not a good experience.
 It was Mothers Day, and I was so looking forward to going home to my babies (they were around ages 2 and 5).
 I was told I would be discharged around 10am.
 We kept being told every time we inquired as to how much longer we had to wait that the doctor would be there soon, he would come after his next surgery, he would be there for sure by lunch time, won't be much longer now.
 I wasn't discharged until around 8pm that night.
 And then I had to wait for a wheelchair to come and take me down to the valet area for my husband to pick me up.
 I wasn't home until 10pm that night.
 Had I known it would take all day for me to be discharged, I would have had my kids come to the hospital.
 And the price of parking is INSANE.
 If they had (have) some sort of pass that people can by for those who will be there for an extended amount of time with their loved ones (like Northridge Hospital), we would have purchased that.
 I believe it was like $20 a day to park (don't know what the price is now).
 Overall though, this place is AMAZING.
 Great staff.
 And seriously the best medical care I have ever received.
 That is why I still see a UCLA GI to this day, just one that is much closer to my home so I don't have to drive on that awful 405.
Disclaimer: wait time is not 61 minutes as posted.
 Yes, I get ERs are busy, but showing up at 9pm and it's currently way past 3am and I have yet to be sent to a room.
 Yup still in the waiting area.
 I asked the nurse when I would get seen next.
 She said everyone in the room is stable so you should go after him.
 Yes a few emergencies came up.
 Broken leg etc.
 I get that.
 Then this guy goes in and says Ramirez you're next.
 Nicholas PhD in the Nephrology Department this doctor is a dangerous, wicked doctor who can potentially kill her patients for any reasons, and is totally inhumane and unprofessional.
 She is everything a doctor is not supposed to be.
 I don't know where she acquired her degree, but I can guarantee you dealing with her in person, she is not intelligent and must have cheated her way to acquire this degree.
 Anyway, I don't blame her because UCLA is a hospital for pharmaceutical interest.
 They are supposed to be curing people but at UCLA they don't cure people, what they do is pile medications on patients to make them sicker enabling pharmaceutical companies to make more money because they are being paid by pharmaceutical companies.
 They also conduct human experiment testing on mainly minority patients without their knowledge or consent, just to help the pharmaceutical companies and to enrich themselves.
 They have these companies best interest in mind instead of having the sick patient's best interest in mind.
 They are also gang members because if you really are a sick patient that knows what to expect from a doctor, and you complain for any reason, all of the UCLA doctors gang up on you.
 Only a handful of UCLA doctors are humane and professional, and those humane good ones often dont last at UCLA, either they get fired or they leave UCLA.
 Because I filed a complaint to this doctor that her nurse was violating my HIPPA, she asked the staff to call security on me and escort me out, without letting me have access for the visit that I paid for, not minding that I seriously need her help as a doctor that day for my health concerns, which was why I went for a long waited appointment.
 To me, she is nothing but a Jezebel and is capable of potentially killing anyone she doesn't like.
Never Never go to UCLA Ronald Regan 4th ICU all the doctors want to do is to kill off people.
 We spent 3 months there and seen and heard everything, it was nothing but a place of horror.
  Doctors were uncaring evil , mean and cruel.
 They had no respect or compassion for human life.
 We heard nurses laugh over deceased individuals.
 They showed no respect for the deceased they would leave the curtains open and allow people to walk by and see the deceased person on full view.
 We met several families that were living the same nightmare.
 They don't like it when family members stay.
 Attending doctors don't even come in the room most of them just roll the computer cart outside the room.
 Most of the nurses were uncaring and cold.
 Information was constantly mixed up.
 The social worker was nothing but a busy body and trouble maker.
 Asked to read every record because the do not tell the truth.
 Infection rate is very high.
 Biggest mistake ever made in life was going to UCLA Ronal Regan.
 Changes our lives forever for the worst.
Look out for the hidden costs if you come to see your Dr in bldgs 100 -300.
 Not only do you pay your Drs deductible, but the hospital bills you for the use of its facilities and you have the same copay as if you had been admitted.
 So for Dr visit that would normally be $35, We paid the Dr $35 and UCLA $100 for sitting in the medical office building.
 Not to mention the $12 flat rate.
If you need the best doctors -UCLA is it -  Just expect to pay more than you are used to.
Came in to the ER here a few weeks ago with really bad stomach pain and was seen by Dr.
 Super smart but didn't talk down to me.
 I was really freaked out and scared until he started to calmly explain why he was giving me different tests, what he was looking for, checked on me several times even though he was obviously extremely busy, and then he helped me get set up with an appointment with the UCLA GI specialists.
 He sent me on my way and I ended up feeling much better the next day.
 If I need to go to the ER again, I'll be coming to UCLA.
UCLA is high on advertising but low on quality.
 Offered tylenol for my severe dental pain.
 I had already tried that and they refused to give me hydrocodone or anything strong to manage my pain something that other doctors offered me at other hospitals.
 I have never taken hydrocodone before but I remember it was on the prescription everytime I got my antibiotics filled for a similar problem but I never felt the need to get that pain medication filled.
 They treat you like a drug user if you ask for pain management medication.
 They dont believe you and pass judgment if you ask for pain medication.
 If you could look it up, you would see I have never filled any behind the counter pain medication.
 I really needed some as advil did not work.
 Also very good doctors.
 The nurses treat you with respect and they take good care of you.
 This hospital is almost like my second home.
 I don't know if that's a bad thing or not, but I do recommend this hospital very much.
This review is for those with Tri-Care insurance- if you have TriCare as your coverage, I HIGHLY recommend you do not go to UCLA.
  I delivered my first child at UCLA Santa Monica and due to a complication during the birth needed to have a reconstructive procedure.
  I spent many hours consulting with the surgery manager to make sure Tri-Care had fully authorized this procedure.
  After the procedure, I started receiving large bills from UCLA Hospital and UCLA Physician Services.
  I have spent 5 months now trying to reconcile these bills and they are still on going.
  You can imagine the time spent on the phone over 5 months.
  One time I spent nearly 10 hours on the phone with Tri-Care and UCLA billing only to find out I was being billed because the authorization number had been input wrong by UCLA.
  A very, very simple error that cost me hours on the phone because of a lack of attention to detail on behalf of UCLA.
  One bill they even sent to collections, even though I had been told it would not go to collections.
  To almost have my credit affected because of a lack of due diligence on behalf of UCLA is NOT OK.
  I could go on and on but what it comes down to is this:  UCLA Health is a giant, corporate money making machine and they just want to charge and make profit.
  I highly suggest if you have TriCare that you seek out a private practice that is covered so you are treated personally.
My nurses were great though.
 If I see them, I would totally remember them.
 They gave me some stuff.
 it just wasn't official.
 (Looks around paranoid) I mean.
 the packages were open already so they said I might as well keep them.
I am having a hard time getting my bill corrected.
 It has been going on for two months.
 Obviously, girls in the billing department with their manicured hands cannot press the right button.
 Not that they care.
 It's an absolute chaos.
  The nurses and doctors that we met with were attentive and helpful.
 They ordered blood work and x-rays.
  We thought we would be waiting a long period of time, but everything moved along quickly.
 Once doctors were able to review everything and kept a close watch on the EKG and irregular heartbeats, and lead cardiologist came in and explained fully they type of palpitations he had were normal and what the common causes could be.
 We asked all our questions and she spent a lot of time providing us answers before sending us home.
 The staff that we can in contact with were amazing, friendly and helpful.
 If for any reason he needs to go back to the ER, we will for sure be going back to UCLA.
 Thank you to the doctors and nurses for all that you do and making us and all others in your care feel calm and informed.
I've used UCLA doctors for almost 20 years now, and their doctors and nurses and health care just seem to get better and better.
 It's no wonder they are expanding.
 My son was conceived there via IVF 15 years ago.
 In 2015, they even saved my life from the worst and most aggressive breast cancer.
 He will die in that same hospital needing a organ transplant one day I'm sure of it and the next lazy transplant surgeon will do as he's done to many and just medicate him so he can die in peace.
 Seriously unless your family member has a great life insurance plan you're trying to cash in on or you want them dead, don't go here.
My mom had her surgery on 3/9/2017 and stayed the night, she had the best care imaginable.
 Everyone was so nice and caring, the food was excellent.
 Jeffrey Suh was the best and kept me updated on my mother's condition  through out the day.
 I couldn't ask for more.
2 stars because our experience here the last 24 hours has been unprofessional and unpleasant which is a surprise because prior to this, I've heard great things about this medical center.
 Some of the staff here need a crash course on patient care and etiquette.
 The ER doctor who first checked in on my bf's dad didn't even give him the time and day to explain why he checked in to the ER.
 We waited about 20 mins to wait for a different doctor to check on him.
 The security at the desk was also on the phone for quite a while and there were a line of visitors waiting for him to be finished.
 The nurse was also very rude.
 The people that actually displayed kindness and compassion were the transport staff, the dialysis team and one ophthamologist.
 The main stress that we've experienced here is the lack of communication between the different teams working with the patient.
 We've had to explain the situation to about 10 different people, which can be quite frustrating.
After a horrific year of my mom's admittance in more than ten different hospitals for her condition, I know what an amazing hospital encompasses-- great communication and patient coordination and a high level of service and care.
 UCLA Medical Center, specifically the Resnick Neuropsychiatric Hospital is all of that and more than I can ask for.
 Effective communication is one of the utmost important factors for me when it comes to my mom's care.
 Doctors and social workers routinely called to keep me up-to-date with procedures and medications for my mother.
 At other hospitals, I would have to call and leave multiple voicemails only to never get a call back.
 I am so thankful for every person we have come across there including the compassionate residents, nurses, doctors, social workers, admittance personnel (Sue and Nancy) even the front desk and valet guys are incredibly kind.
 All your combined efforts have helped my mom's condition to improve more significantly than any other hospital in Orange County that she's been to.
 My mother's complicated illness has caused a relapse in symptoms and we will need to take her back, but my family is thankful to know that she will be in great hands at UCLA.
Probably the nicest Hospital, I've ever seen (sorry Cedars).
 Everything about this hospital is amazing.
 From advanced technology they use to how they decorate the interior of the hospital.
 The lobby is really nicely designed with so many people to accomodate your needs, you really feel welcomed to be there.
 The hospital has top quality doctors.
 Being a part of UCLA health system, they don't accept anything but the best.
 If Cedar Sinai doesn't work with someone, I would highly recommend coming here.
 Definitely a nice hospital and you will be treated with nothing, but the best care.
I had quite an experience recently.
 Without going into too much detail, I found myself in the ICU of this facility in the liver ward.
 When I first arrived, it seemed that a transplant was eminent.
 From the moment I arrived to the moment I left, I felt that I was in the most capable, intelligent and thoughtful hands.
 I have never been hospitalized before, so I had no idea what to expect; no basis of comparison.
 My liver was nurtured back to health and I avoided getting a transplant.
I'm a UCLA students and one day I had a bad headache and dizziness and went to the ER.
 After a couple of hours, they sent me to a room and a doctor and 2 other students came for check up.
 The doctor quickly did some physical test and said they would do a blood test.
 A while after she left, someone came in and did the blood test and told me to wait for the result.
 After another hour of waiting, all of a sudden someone walked in with and EKG machine and said the doctor want an EKG done.
 I told her that the doctor said she would only do a blood test, and asked what does headache and dizziness have to do with EKG and they said that what the doctor prescribed.
 I was still a little dizzy and let them do the EKG.
 An hour later they said everything is ok and I could go home.
After a few weeks, I received a $1000 hospital bill, which included a $300 EKG charge.
 I talked to the billing department and all they kept saying was that if the test was performed I have to pay for it.
 This is money hungry hospital and the staff wont hesitate to do unnecessary test just to make more money.
 As a student that can barely afford tuition, now I'm left with this humongous bill, because the Hospital in the university that I go to decides to screw me more.
 Next time I'd rather fall dead in a classroom than go to this facility.
These stars are mainly for the nurses here.
 They quickly rushed in my room and ordered test and blood work and were able to stabilize me before being moved upstairs.
 The first time I was admitted I was scared and unsure since this was the first time I ever was here.
 The nurses and the patient care techs went above their call of duty and made sure I was comfortable.
 My team shortly came after and explained everything that they were going to do.
 Since I was from out of town my mom had to leave.
 I will never forget her in tears as she didn't want to leave me.
 The nurse that was there immediately hugged my mom and told her that I was going to be taken care of and if she needed anything to call.
 That first stay I was admitted for two weeks and went through countless tests but the nurses were the ones that I am forever grateful for.
 My recent stay I was sent up to the same floor and even though I was in severe pain, the nurses saw me and immediately recognized me.
 They remembered me from last time and made sure I was taken care of.
 Yes this is a teaching hospital so you will be asked a lot of questions especially from medical students but the team I had were very professional.
 But a HUGE thank you to the nurses, charge nurses, patient care techs that cared for me.
 I met so many of the nurses and can't express the hard work they went through to make sure their patients were taken care for including me.
 When I left I got so many goodbyes from them from left to right which truly made me feel special.
UCLA thank you so much for the excellent care that I received.
Just experienced the worst most unprofessional, unethical, disrespectful security supervisor the lack of respect towards visitors and more importantly patients was completely uncalled for.
 The way she attacked us while wheeling my sister back to her room was beyond me all because my baby ripped my visitor pass off.
 It hurts me that my sister who just had brain surgery had to experience this.
 UCLA needs to do better screening when hiring such ghetto people.
 This women laughed at us as we asked for a doctor because my sisters blood pressure went up do to this whole ordeal.
 She gives this hospital a bad name and all tho she is not direct patient care she put my sisters health at risk while she laughed and yelled claiming there was nobody above her.
 I am the supervisor sorry to say but how does one get placed in a management position with absolutely no knowledge, upper management should be there to subside the situation instead she escalated it beyond measures.
I love it here.
 My husband had his life saving liver transplant done here.
 Start in the 8ICU are awsome
Let me start off by saying we came in 13 hours ago with an emergency, have seen 2 different doctors, have been told 6 different timelines.
 This is the worst run emergency room I have even been to.
 It should have been a red flag when we had to ask the first doctor to simply clean the wound.
 Twice someone has come in thinking we had a different issue.
 As we continue to wait for a surgery that may never come, I am left wishing I had driven 10 more minutes to Cedar Sinai.
 I will never come to the hospital again.
 No one seems to know what the fck they are doing.
 Unfortunately we are now at the mercy of this insanely poorly run establishment so take my advice- GO TO ANY OTHER ER IN THE AREA DO NOT COME TO UCLA.
  Fingers crossed we are attended to in the next 12 hours.
Everything the reviewers say about the incompetent billing department is 100% true.
 I just received a new bill for a surgery that happened 2 years ago.
 After multiple calls it turns out I have to pay the bill because they've decided they want more money, TWO YEARS LATER.
 I guess I should count myself lucky, because if I had moved in this time I would never have received the bill and it would have gone to collection.
In summary, their billing department is highly incompetent, and highly shady.
 I would NOT recommend UCLA Medical to anyone as you will be receiving new bills years after your surgery without rhyme or reason.
This review is particularly for the ER.
 I waited for over 3 hours in the emergency room and after waiting so long because I noticed that so many people were getting checked in and being seen quickly, I spoke to the representative on the check in table.
 I asked how much longer I needed to wait, the rep stated about 4 patients ahead of you, it depends on how serious your condition is.
make a comfortable lounge type chair for people that wait 6 hours.
Compassionate care.
 Very clean hospital.
 Staff was incredible.
 I would have any procedures done at this hospital.
I have been going to UCLA since I came to Los Angeles in 1993.
 That's 25 years now.
 Over the past year, their billing has become more and more intricate and additional fees have been added on.
 To be transparent - a recent visit to see one of their doctors for a consultation (20 minutes in her office max, as an existing patient), was billed at 980 dollars.
 I have PPO insurance, the best out there.
 They covered 505 of that.
 But then UCLA added a 'hospital facility fee' for another 200 dollars, 195 of which I had to pay out of pocket.
 That is 700 dollars for a consultation with a physician I was an existing patient for.
 I had to beg the doctor to tell me results over the phone because of my fear of extra charges again.
If you go to UCLA, phone as many of their biling departments as you can until they give you the honest answer about their hidden fees; some offices charge them, some don't.
 And the interesting part is that the front desk people empathize with you (even though they cannot help you).
 I now am going to go elsewhere for any kind of lab, scan or procedure.
 I can no longer afford my physician's office/ hospital.
In ER, an old lady who had waited for more than three hours with severe abdominal pain called the nurses 5 meters in front of her 3 times.
 They just keep chatting there with each other.
I have had nothing but problems with the billing area.
  They billed me for services that I did NOT receive allergy tests ,and when I called they were extremely unhelpful in assisting me in removing those charges.
 There was no mention of allergy test on my visit summary, and it is illegal to bill for anything that did not happen.
 I advise you to carefully review your bills from them.
Further, in a most shocking turn, I received a bill from a collections agency in the amount of $25.
  I have not gotten any bill or late notice from UCLA, and I have NEVER paid a bill late.
 Everything is current.
  In spite of the quality of care, it is not worth the stress, damaging credit reports and general misery.
I came to the Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center due to a severe case of food poisoning and excruciating abdominal pain.
 I walked into the ER department and was assisted immediately.
 The admission staff was very friendly and got me checked in right away.
 My vitals were taken, I filled out my paperwork with an administrator and was taken in to a room within 10 minutes of arriving at the Emergency Department.
 I didn't have to wait long for the first doctor, she came in approx.
 10 minutes after I entered the room.
 After her initial diagnosis, she brought in another doctor for a second opinion.
 He did a thorough examination and analyzed my symptoms.
 I received the suggested treatment and waited 30 minutes till the medication kicked in.
 The doctors returned to check on how I was doing, they concluded that I was able to be discharged with the new treatment and was sent home.
It was a very pleasant experience and a beautiful hospital.
 The only reason they get 4 stars rather than 5 is because the discharge paperwork assembled by one of the nurses were mixed up, they put my allergies to meds under the 'Continue these meds' section, they did not include my new treatment plan and medications, and my doctors note had the wrong date.
 I called to remedy the typographic errors in my discharge paperwork and doctors note and am awaiting a response.
For a hospital the staff here sure does make you feel like your a bother.
 Horrible customer care and service.
 I just came to pick up some medical records and they acted as if I was speaking a whole another language and that their job was to just sit back and at solitaire.
Everyone I interacted with was kind, calming and professional.
 Procedures are designed to put you at ease and they have plenty of staff to take care of everything.
 Sometimes it's a little chaotic with all the med students (too many helpers in the kitchen) but they are not detrimental.
 They give you color coded pagers so you can receive updates on your patient in surgery (it flashes a new color when they are in the OR, the procedure has finished, in the recovery area etc) which is amazing.
 New fangled technology.
I'm still currently waiting to get an x Ray as I write this .
 It's been 3 hours.
 Simple athletic injury possible break or sprain should not take this long .
 The front desk staff seems to care more about their makeup than helping ppl, I don't know how this place is famous.
 Thank God he wasn't having any cardiac issues or he probably would have died waiting.
 The staff at the desk treated everyone who came in as a number and showed no care or concern.
 Seems they might be in the wrong line of work.
My sister was taken to the ER as a quadriplegic with a medical crisis.
  She was very sick with multiple problems and the staff in the ER did an amazing job of treating the current problems and soon had her doing much better.
  She then spent a few weeks in the ICU including time in isolation.
  With her not being able to speak and not move to be able to communication I feel the nursing staff did a great job of taking care of her and helping her with communication to them and contacting us as needed.
  They turned her every two hours and were very gentle in their care.
  They even brought in therapy puppies for her.
  I wish she could stay there, but it is an ICU and that is not possible.
  They are a great team of doctors, nurses and other specialties including respiratory therapy.
This is honestly the worst pharmacy I've ever used.
 It's way unfortunate because I get a killer deal from meds through the UCLA pharmacy as an employee.
 But it isn't okay to fail to refill much Needed prescriptions for over a week and not letting me know about the issues with refills until I get there and wait in line for 30 minutes.
 To phone in a refill using their system is like trying to reach 1982.
 I mean haven't they heard of computers?
  Isn't California where the computer was invented?
  Despite the great deal I get through my insurance plan, I feel like an uninsured person who shops for the $4 prescriptions at Target and Ralph's.
 At least they are reliable.
  I suspect the UCLA pharmacy is responsible for many blood pressure spikes, blood clots,and worse (not bc of their slow service) but bc of missed medications due to their inefficiency and/or inefficacy.
ER nurses efficient yet bitter.
 Walk around complaining about their jobs.
I came to UCLA ER with unbearable lower right back pain.
 I was seen by 4 or 5 different doctors who each time had no knowledge of any previous information about my symptoms that I'd given.
 I was left waiting so long that they had to take another urine sample because the first one was no longer useable.
 I was diagnosed with a kidney infection.
 I was given an antibiotic and sent on my way.
 I was given no pain medication even though I came in for severe pain.
 At home, I began throwing up and was in even worse pain.
 It turns out the antibiotic I was given had the first symptom listed as nausea/vomiting.
 The doctor had not even asked if I had any allergies to antibiotics and didn't even have the sense to prescribe me an anti-nausea with this medication, which was known to make people sick.
 I returned the same day and waited another 5-6 hours before being seen.
 One competent doctor finally saw me.
 He gave me pain medication, anti-nausea medication, had me eat and monitored me for a sufficient amount of time to make sure I was not going to vomit.
When I went to ER billing, I asked them if I was going to have to pay twice since I'd come for the same illness twice in one day.
 The ER billing person did not charge me a second ER fee and assured me I would not be charged twice.
 Six months later I received two doctor bills and two hospital bills.
 I fought UCLA for two years.
 I contacted every government agency I could find and found zero help.
 They instructed me to write a letter to the CEO and cc Just Health as they are well known in the health care community for fighting for patients rights.
 I received a letter from the CEO stating that both my hospital bills had previously been waived.
 That's funny because no one ever bothered to notify me.
The only way I will ever go back to UCLA ER is if I'm carried in on a stretcher unconscious.
I arrived at the ER on Friday at somewhere around 6:30 PM with acute appendicitis.
  I initially saw the triage nurse, I believe, and then a second nurse (I believe she was also a nurse).
  I came in organized, already knowing my diagnosis and with a CD of my CT Scan from the imaging center, which probably helped speed things along.
  Both of my initial consults were with friendly and efficient folks who seemed genuinely concerned with how I was feeling.
  I was then whisked through billing and not too long after, was brought to the back and given a bed.
  My ER nurse, Brenda, was awesome, as was everyone else back there.
I was in a room in the surgical observation unit, and that was that.
  My nurse Alex, as well as Kaylyn and the rest of the staff, were all great.
  The operation, according to the docs who came by later, was fully successful.
  I was discharged by Saturday late afternoon--wheeled down by two very sweet UCLA student volunteers--and haven't needed pain meds since Saturday night and am recovering very well.
  I can't imagine this experience going any better.
  I hope not to have to visit a hospital again soon under emergent circumstances, but if I must, UCLA is definitely my choice.
This review is about the ER, which is a nightmare.
 I have been there twice recently.
 Luckily, there are a few caring, diligent staff people here, but for the most part the staff just doesn't care.
 The place is so disorganized and they constantly forget about you.
 The first time I went in, I had a fractured spine and it took them six hours to get me any pain medication.
 It was then another four hours before I could get an X-ray, and then another hour after that to get a CT scan, and then another hour to talk to a doctor about the results.
 The whole time, random nurses would come by and be like, oh, I'm your nurse, I'm going to help you, and then they would just disappear and never come back.
 I don't know who's managing this place, but they should all be fired immediately.
i thought this hospital was really nice.
 i liked my stay here.
 they put me on the right psychiatric medication for my bi polar and i've been fine ever since.
While the care here is okay (not great, but certainly passable and semi-proficient), nothing is so stellar about their care that it can justify the extreme hassle of getting their billing department to bill your insurance correctly, which is why I will no longer be seeing anyone at UCLA Ob-Gyn or delivering my baby at UCLA.
  If you think spending hours on the phone with their various billing departments, your insurance carriers, multiple labs, and eventually having to call and have one of the admins in their office pull your chart to straighten out the billing codes and the out and out mis-billing for appointments (go in for an appointment & they bill you for a lab test they specifically denied you in the appointment) sounds like a riot, then be my guest.
  But others on this list are not lying when they say that the billing is exceptionally horrid.
  I have been to a lot of doctors and hospitals in my life, and I've sometimes had times when I had to call a couple times to get the provider to bill the correct insurance company several years after they should have done so, but everyone was always polite and helpful, and it did eventually get done.
  The billing people can't even manage basic customer service--they interrupt you before you finish a sentence; and in essence they are refusing to do their own jobs.
  I found out from my insurance company that some of the charges they have sent me (hundreds of $, we're not talking a small amount here, close to $900 of charges) are automatic price reductions based on the contract with the insurance company and that if they have a disagreement about that, they are supposed to contact the insurance company directly.
  They bill you, the patient, and then threaten collections if you don't pay, even while the bill is being disputed.
  This is exactly the same complaint of another reviewer.
 She handed me off to another doctor and nobody told me until I got there.
 Luckily this other Doctor was amazing, so much better than her.
 I will never see Dr Kaprealian again.
 She is horrible.
 I have been a long time patient of UCLA and I previously had radiation with Dr Selch and was sad that he had retired.
 I seriously hope that nobody has to have such a bad experience with a Doctor like I did.
Ok guys,  I'm here & ready to get my endoscopic procedure finally done.
  Today is the makeup endoscopic procedure that has been postponed for the past several weeks due to food being found in my stomach.
  Thus the catalyst for my stint on my liquid diet adventure,  hopefully real food is in my future very soon.
van Dam did not find any of the clusters that had been removed to have grown back.
  He further explained that my stomach was swollen during my original procedure that removed my clusters of tumors so while he was cleaning up after my growths were removed nothing was noticed or found.
  On this day,  he discovered a large tumor & subsequently took a biopsy and sent it to the lab.
  I will be meeting with both van Dam and my USC oncologist.
  So I have been somewhat out of sorts.
This is an outstanding hospital that has a great reputation for treating their patients with respect and proving great outcomes.
 The hospital offers valet parking and has a very nice campus with different medical buildings.
 Many patients are referred to the doctors of USC who can be seen and treated by some of the best specialists.
 Ray Matthews is one of the best Interventional Cardiologists in the country and he has a fantastic staff and group of colleagues who have a passion for taking care of their patients.
I just want to say a very sincere and heartfelt thank you to Dr.
 Israel who made the arrangements for having my gf transported over from emergency and greenlighting the procedure she needed that ultimately saved her life because we couldn't go another sleepless night waiting to see what was going to happen with her situation.
 The hospitality, care, and comfort the nursing team provided her was exceptional.
 Everyone was kind and reassuring and it means a lot because it helps you keep your inner strength up, so a huge thank you to all the nurses who looked in on her.
 Also a very special shout out to the entire surgery team who was scrambled together in the very early hours of the morning to do what needed to be done since it could not wait any longer.
 The process was explained cleary and nothing was lost in translation.
 I just thank God she was at the right place and around the right people.
 Everything went fine, we just have to take things slow, but it feels good to finally have things begin to settle down so everyone can go back to feeling normal again.
 We still have followups, but she has a really compassionate doctor here (Dr. Israel) whose reputation precedes her and who truly cares about her overall health and healing.
 I am in complete awe of the kindness that has been shown to us.
 The staff has been patient, thorough and kind.
 Sujit Kulkarni he spent well over an hour explaining the options, procedures, risks involved with her potential surgery.
 During pre-op we had 2 nurses, 2 anesthesiologist, the surgeon come in and introduce themselves to us.
 They asked us if we had any last minute questions.
 As we sit here and wait during my mom's surgery, we are receiving hourly updates on how everything is going.
 I am truly grateful that she is in good hands.
 Thank you USC for making this process as pleasant as possible.
 You have been kind to all of us, especially my mom.
Doctors good but the billing department is a disaster.
 They messed up my bill last September, I have contacted them many times ever since.
 They keep telling me they would follow up, that things are being reviewed.
 But I have got no update from them ever.
 After speaking with them on phone for several times, the rep told me they would escalate the case, and would have a supervisor called me back in two days.
 I waited four days, no call, when I called them, the supervisor said the case has already been escalated, but still need to wait for the manager to review, nothing could be done at the time being.
 A month passed, I called again and they have no update again.
 The supervisor said they are still waiting for the manager to review.
 When I asked about the time frame, she said she doesn't have one, but the manager has over a thousand cases to review, so I need to be patient.
They are very hard to believe.
 I really wonder if they do any work at all.
 There is no place I could file my complaint, and they never reply, they never have any update, this is just horrible.
 But I guess since there is no way to report this, they don't care.
 The only thing I can do now is to tell everyone I know about my experience.
 If by any chance USC Hospital is reading this, you guys need to seriously look into the billing department situation.
Dr John Liu and his team to include Grace, Melody, Leah and Dr Kall the hospitalist are amazing g human beings.
 I was hurt by a corrupt surgeon in Las Vegas.
 Dr Liu was about to perform a minimally invasive tlif by going under the device which did not belong in me.
 My life was forever changed for the positive after my surgery on January 3,2019.
 I thought I would live in horrible pain for the rest of my life after the terrible surgery by Dr JT in Las Vegas in 2016zI may never completely be pain free but the difference is night and day and I can do things with my son I never thought I would be able to do.
 Thank you Dr Liu and team.
 Also USC Keck SchoolOf medicine is how medical treatment should be done.
 If you have failed back surgery go to Liu.
 If your smart go to him first and avoid a botched surgery in the first place.
 Other than that the nurses are clueless and the hospital is dirty.
 Not once did I see someone walk in my mothers room & CLEAN.
 William Tseng as my surgeon for liposarcoma major surgery and treatment.
  Although this process was arduous and took place over 6+months, I am now cancer-free and able to resume my life as if nothing happened.
 Tseng is the best.
  He not only has the skill to deal with complicated surgical situations such as mine, he maintains a professional and caring bedside manner which is much appreciated.
  He always takes the time to keep you informed and you always get the feeling that he treats each patient as if they are the only one he is taking care of.
 Shin, the attending Coleorectal Surgeon also deserves special mention.
I would be remiss if I did not mention the nursing staff in the ICU at Keck.
They too are the best.
I had many specific needs during my stays in ICU after the several surgeries, and I always felt that I was genuinely getting the best caring attention from all of them.
They kept me up to date on my situation and I always knew what was going on with my care.
I was in good hands.
Thanks again to all.
Though I would not want to wish my recent experience on anyone, the outcome was very positive and with the care provided by Dr.
Love the orthopedic department at Keck Hospital of USC.
 My mom is a patient of Dr. Daniel Oakes and she gets nothing but exceptional patient care from him and his staff.
 We will definitely be back for more healthcare needs.
 Thank you Keck for always going above and beyond.
 Your hard work does not go unnoticed.
 This has been by far the worst experience I've had when it comes to medical facilities, from scheduling, front desk and management.
 After leaving numerous messages and calls for a return call - all of my calls have been unanswered.
 The minute I requested names of all upper management (ceo, service excellence and director) I get ONE call from the regional director of surgery whom gave me a story to look into my case and would get back to me .
 I come from a place where this type of behavior is not tolerated and ZERO room for any of the things I went thru .
You'd think after this post someone from Service Excellence Dept would reach out to me but NO.
 They must not care about their patients.
My mother was evaluated here for an unexpected health issue, and ended up having a major lung surgery.
 From start to finish of our experience, my family was not only satisfied with the care but actually very pleased and happy with every aspect of it - the ease of scheduling appointments and follow ups, the surgical team including the doctors, anesthesiology team, and nurses, and the staff on her ward.
 Thankfully, the overall experience, despite her medical problem being truly frightening, was a positive one.
 Her thoracic surgery team was excellent and attentive, especially her attending physician, totally abolishing the preconceived notion that all surgeons have horrible bedside manner.
 Pre-op, post-op, and her entire stay was full of stellar nurses and medical assistants who were thorough and impressively attentive.
 Labs and imaging happened soon after the doctors ordered them, and I never felt that our time was being wasted or that our opinions and concerns were not respected.
As a disclaimer, I do work at the USC Healthcare Campus, however only a few of the staff on her case knew this.
 While staying overnight with her as well as being present during most of her stay, and thus having exposure to many of the behind the scenes hour-to-hour nursing care on her ward, the care that my mom received appeared to be the norm for the other patients as well.
 If you're a family member staying overnight, make sure to ask for ear plugs and an eye mask (they have both.
) as getting vitals checked every four  hours is, well, super annoying at 2am.
One star docked because her room's bathroom was oddly dirty, and there was a huge fiasco with getting her a meal from food service after she was cleared to eat.
 I took a gamble with transferring my mom's care and surgery to USC, realizing that if something went wrong, whether avoidable or not, it could really alter the dynamics of my employment at Keck Hospital, and also realizing that I may see a behind-the-scenes of view of medicine that I might not actually desire to see.
 Thankfully, everything went as smoothly as possible, and ultimately at the end of the day she, myself, and the rest of our family were supremely thankful for the quality of care that she received.
This hospital is so unprofessional in so many ways.
 First of all the wait time is HORRIBLE, they don't give a damn if the patient has stage 4 cancer and is in pain.
 My mom and I went for a chemo today and we got told it was cancelled by the doctor without letting us know?
 Like hello theres this thing called email or call?
 My mom was in so much pain and she needed to lay down but since our appt.
 got cancelled we couldn't get a room with a bed bc apparently we don't have an appt.
 SO NOW, we waited for 3 hours finally got a damn room but not exactly a bed but better than just a chair and my mom can finally lay down (thank you jennifer w.
 We were supposed to do the ultra sound the next day instead we just asked them if we can do it there since they cancelled her chemo and we were already there so why tf not right?
 cervical cancer was preventable its just all these delayed, no updates(text/call) & denials that made it worse and it spread on her upper body.
 i'll never recommend this hospital to anybody that I know.
I chose this hospital because I've had bad experiences at others.
 I figured this would be a better hospital to trust that they can successfully do open heart surgery.
 I had open heart surgery on 8/31 for an ASD closure.
 Everything went well and the hospital was always clean and friendly.
  Nurses were attentive, doctors stopped by every morning to check up, and the hospital food was not bad at all.
 The reason for my -2 stars is because the main things I needed for recovery weren't available.
 I was hoping for a brace that would hold my chest together after the sternum being cut open and all.
 Second, they didn't have any heart pillows available.
 Heart pillows are for patients who've had open heart surgery.
 You're suppose to hold onto them and squeeze when you cough or sneeze to relieve pressure on the chest.
 In my mind, if there is patients scheduled for heart surgery, shouldn't all that is required for recovery be readily ordered and available?
  They contacted me day after, week after,To check on me and my recovery, which was nice.
 I just didn't understand how they didn't have any of the things that would be required for recovery already, ready.
My mom came in for a complicated surgery today.
  I can't say enough good things about the Hospital, staff, surgeons and cafeteria staff.
Everyone was kind, caring and compassionate.
The team of 6 doctors met with my Dad and explained every part of the procedure.
  That helped my father more than anything during the waiting.
  He had every confidence in their ability.
  I appreciate the surgery team taking the time to meet with my Dad.
 The concierge desk was helpful and compassionate and the surgeons gave updates which were communicated quickly.
 I have every confidence that my Mom will recover.
 Thank you to everyone, especially the surgery team for taking such care of my Mom.
As an RN and a fellow nurse I was shocked that fake nails and wearing your hair down was done by ALL the RN's.
 I know these girls are in a teaching Hospital and maybe trying to 'land a doctor', but extremely unclean to wear your hair down and have fake/ false colored nails while helping others as a nurse .
 and the RN in employee health was the worst with her multi colored hair worn down everyday according to the staff.
The guy lvn in employee health talks about about the rest of the staff in such a negative way- complete unprofessionalism.
I was going to accept the job but decided I'd rather work at a hospital that shows professionalism by their actions.
My father had a surgery here, and everyone was amazing.
 They made this experience a smooth one.
 The staff, Doctors and nurses where very polite and knowledgeable.
  I received terrible care by this Dr, and the office runs very similar to a General Hospital.
 Shinada has a five minute policy.
  Once the five minutes are up he runs out of the room with out asking if you have any questions or reading your blood work.
 Shinada most of the time he looks at you with a blank stare.
I had a flare up and requested for Dr. Shinada to give me intravenous cortisone, at this clinic this is not done in the office but, in the hospital.
  Doctor Shinada instead of approving a one time infusion which is all I needed he approved for me to receive 100mg of cortisone for seven days.
  This would of killed me and I refused it.
  A one time infusion is all I needed.
  Do not waist your time going to Keck medical.
  The nurses change every four months.
  Their is no follow up on ur care.
 I hope this was helpful.
This hospital has great staff and nurses, but the downfall is parking is not cheap.
 It's about $8 for the whole day (as if most people stay the whole day at the hospital), and metered parking is always hard to find, especially now during the construction.
 Free parking can be found by the park across from the train tracks, buts a 6-10 min walk to the hospital.
 I usually come here to visit the doctor and to my surprise its SUPER expensive.
 I try to avoid coming as much as I can despite the doctor saying I must come in every 3 months.
 Even with my health insurance, i have to pay a $50 co-pay for the doctor plus another $65 charge for using the 'hospital facilities'.
 It's ridiculous that just so I can see the doctor it's $115 per visit just so the doctor can say that I'm doing fine and be out within 30 minutes.
 This hospital is overpriced and it's unfair that they charge so much.
I'm just working to pay off the bills they send.
 I am definitely going to switch to another doctor with their own office since the hospital thinks that seeing the doctor in their hospital gives them the right to charge you again (co-pay + hospital facilities).
My dad has been in the hospital since Christmas Eve and i couldnt ask for better people and better care.
  Everyone from ICU to the hospital staff are amazing, informative and kind.
  Clean and well run hospital.
  The best in Los Angeles.
I really don't know where to start.
 As I lay here in my bed at the hospital in my private room (they made all rooms private) watching a movie with a long list of outstanding staff names in my head, I am overwhelmed by the care.
 I can't imagine it being any better anywhere.
 Surgery went perfect, pain managed, well fed, comfortable, professional friendly staff, awesome nurses bring me graham crackers.
 I would start listing names but that would be unfair to those I'll miss.
 George Hatch at USCHe came highly recommended and seemed to specialize in shoulders.
 So I called and asked for an appointment and even though he is very busy, they got me in two days later.
 Everyone from the Receptionists to the nurses to Xray were well informed.
 They took my problem on and made me feel that there was no one more important than me.
 The doctor actually took time to draw me a picture of what was going on and understood my concerns about being out of work for so long.
 Other doctors just showed me the MRI which I would not know what any of was.
 Hatch let me know that if they could they would do things in a way that would speed my recovery.
 They did all the Pre op checks with my insurance and all I had to do was show up.
 I had so many people working on me I was amazed.
 It was truly beyond belief that the surgery started right on time, no delays or wait.
 Efficency at its best.
 Each and everyone very professional and concerned for my well being.
 There were only 6 other surgeries scheduled near mine and I knew that the time scheduled was set aside to care just for me.
 I was surprised when the not only the doctor called me late in the evening to check on me before I went to sleep, but also the anesthesiologist  called to make sure i was not having any issues with pain.
 When I made my follow up appointment they were open to times that worked for me.
 So glad to not be just a number.
 Even though I still have a long road to recovery, I wated to let people know how great my experience with Keck and Dr.
I've been coming here for the past 11 years.
 Like any hospital, you will run into kinks here and there.
 But what makes this hospital unique is their patient care.
 No matter what department it is, all the staff is friendly and helpful.
 They also offer bloodless surgery with a wide variety of alternative methods for whom ever is interested.
 The parking is expensive and can sometimes get congested, but if you don't mind walking and there is street parking available.
 The inside of the hospital was nice, the ladies at general information were super friendly and nice, very cordial.
 Elevator didn't leave me afraid for my life.
 Friendly staff as well and friendly doctors.
 I especially liked the nurse that was checking on my dad as my daughter and I walked in.
 You can tell that the people that work here really do care.
 They also sent my dad home with a bunch of care packages, a nice toiletry bag with toiletries in it, and some other stuff in nice, organized pouch bags.
 They also have brand new movies available for patients to watch, my dad was loving the movie selection on his television.
Just a word of advice: really plan the time that you come here if you do decide to visit a patient.
 Mornings aren't the best time.
 My mom came here in the evening and the structure was almost empty.
 Also, pick a good time to leave when you don't feel there will be too much traffic on the freeway.
 I needed to take the 5 south and what should have been a normal 15 minute drive turned into 45 minutes of stop and go hell.
 At 10 am when everyone should have been at work.
 If you're looking at good patient care, I give this place a 5.
 Every nurse, doctor, janitor, front desk receptionist etc, has been absolutely professional, kind and compassionate.
 I truly cannot say enough about the quality of care my daughter has received in the last couple of days.
 I wouldn't hesitate for a moment to refer friends and family to this wonderful hospital
I came to Keck Hospital in September and October 2015 for therapy on my right hand finger which I had broken and needed rehabilitation with the tendon.
  I went to the hand therapy occupational unit.
  I will say that I liked my therapist but there were two HUGE problems I had.
  The first more minor one was the woman at the front desk/scheduler.
  She rarely answers the phone and does not respond to voicemail.
  It took me countless attempts to schedule an appointment.
  Even in person she was very unhelpful and she may potentially be the cause for all of my billing nightmares that followed.
  To note, I have full coverage insurance and have had the same insurance plan for at least the last 5 years.
  About 6 months following my appointments I received a letter in the mail from a debt collector indicating that I had unpaid debts of nearly $800.
  When I called them they said it was for unpaid bills to Keck Hospital for the hand therapy.
  I never received a single invoice from USC, no calls or notifications, plus I should not be paying any amount near that since I am fully insured.
  And because of this delinquent debt, it appeared on my credit report and my credit score immediately went down 100 points.
  I was furious.
  So long story short, I spent the next 5 months going back and forth with the debt collector, my insurance company, Keck's billing center, filing a dispute with the credit agency to get the whole situation resolved.
  What I found out was that Keck had never processed through my insurance and did not adequately follow up with me before going to the debt collector.
  Luckily in the end, after being moved to so many different people at Keck Billing, one woman was able to successful help me out and request the removal of the delinquent debt which restored my credit.
  I was so unhappy with this entire situation and the stress it caused me for nearly half a year (which I must mention I was planning for my wedding and moving during that time).
  I will avoid going to Keck Hospital in the future.
I was transferred here to the neurology floor icu on 6/6/15 from the west hills hospital.
 I stayed in icu for a few days then they moved me to a regular floor on the neurology floor.
 I had a great team of neurology on my case I had about 3 neurologists, one optometrist, one neuroptomologist and one neurosurgeon.
 I was transferred here because they thought I had a brain aneurism and it came out to be something else.
 These doctors worked so well and I finally got a direct diagnosis.
 I stayed for two weeks and had brain surgery.
 Some doctors were more compassionate than others but all of my nurses were absolutely wonderful.
 They were so polite and so kind and so extremely comforting.
 This hospital stay was my first and I'm glad I found it more pleasant than I thought I would.
I've seen many of my school mates come here to learn more hand on and finish their externship.
 I've also heard great stories of students  learning and seeing the great impact doctors, ST and administration do to people.
 I love the fact that this hospital is in the heart of LA.
 Many residents in the area are kow income with limited insurance coverage and the staff do their best to make others be better.
Don't get me started on the number of hospitals I've been to in the last few months (not for me but for others) but this place is by far the most professional and nicest staff I've had the pleasure of crossing paths with.
 They are angels.
They saved my uncle's life and for that how can I honestly give them anything but the very best testimonial?
All that aside, the good staff at Keck did an amazing and attentive job of making sure their patients were well taken care of and always kind to frequent visitors like me.
 After our insurance paid we were hit with a bill for $30,000.
 This was a standard operation and he spent one night in the hospital.
  Not one person, the doctor or the hospital staff told us that our insurance wouldn't cover this extra hospital cost.
 In addition, the staff provided less than stellar care.
  He was out of the OR by 11 am but the nurses kept telling me they couldn't find a room for him.
  In fact, most of them were just out to lunch.
 At 2:00 pm I pointed out an empty room and insisted that he be brought up to the floor.
 None of the nurses could figure out the new computer system.
 He was supposed to have the catheter taken out at 6 am the next day so he could go home by noon.
  No one would listen to me about that until the doctor came by at 11 am and was furious that they hadn't done it.
 Two years later they harass us every week for the money even though we have written letters, talked to the doctor and contacted insurance.
 BlueCross paid the standard amount for the surgery but will not pay this extra extraordinary cost.
I already posted another review.
  But I have to post one more to tell every one what a wonderful team of medical professional staff work in this hospital.
  They really take good care of my father and were sll compassionate to us.
  Special thanks to Chris from respiratory team and Victoria Maria for spring us during our stay here.
  Thanks to all the doctors and the staff.
Pluses and minuses about this place - it's a nice enough office, waiting room has wi-fi, generally quiet and clean.
 I have had to wait up to an hour and 15 minutes even though I had an appointment.
 The doctors I've seen (four total) are all very friendly and I would continue to see them except that they DO charge an extra hospital facility fee (which I was never informed about and saw no signage for) so be aware of that.
 If you go in for a general doctor visit you will have to pay more than just your co-pay.
 Two claims will be filed for one visit.
I had an outpatient procedure, and everything went smoothly.
Don't go to the clinic.
 They are terribly disorganized, can't phone in a prescription, chronically run late.
And in one instance, I had a very serious medical test, and they NEVER gave me the results.
This hospital and their staff not only care for the patients but also for the families.
 My mom was here April 10th and it was amazing.
 Everyone was so incredibly professional, kind, patient and nice.
 Then urgently we returned a few weeks later to the ICU.
 No one wants to be in icu and they took such good care of her.
 A special shout out to Choicey and Brandi in 5 south.
 My mom never wanted to leave because her care was so fantastic.
 Her surgeon is so smart, spent great time putting her at ease and explaining evenly thing to us.
 I personally cannot ask for anything more for my family.
 And the kindness to my father and I were so appreciated.
 Even with all our questions.
 This is truly the Four Seasons of hospitals as they set very high service standards and you can feel and see them.
I have been a patient at USC for years.
 In fact, all of my specialists can be found in the Consultation Center II.
 I really haven't had any issues with my doctor's despite waiting periods; patients who want to see Dr.
 Maceri, be forewarned that he takes a lot of time with each patient so he may not see you for hours.
My dad was in here multiple times this year due to esophageal cancer, and I spent many long days/nights in this hospital.
The staff is very nice and made me feel at home.
 He was on the 7th floor in ICU and most of the nurses we had were great.
The only thing to be aware of is this is a UNIVERSITY HOSPITAL which means a lot of the people in here are students doing their residencies, so whenever the Dr.
 comes in, he's followed by about 5 students who are still learning.
I would have to say that this is one of the best medical facilities around.
 Doctors, nurses, and staff were all very courteous and johnny on the spot for any of my needs.
 Hospital food still isn't that good, but I would have to say breakfast wasn't half bad at all.
 That would probably be the only gripe I would have about this facility.
The slogan says it all beyond exceptional medicine which I fully agree.
 World known doctors and very knowledgable/ caring staff.
this place is incredible.
 the doctors are at the top of their field.
Medically, this hospital is first rate if you watch out for yourself; and that's key regardless of where you go.
 and procedures are similar to those of other hospitals EXCEPT the waits can be extremely long here and a clinical staff who couldn't give a damn.
 However, even these factors can be forgiven.
However, what can't be forgiven is their cavalier attitude to money that is due to the patient in an overpayment.
 You'll check in and they'll do a wallet biopsy.
 Maybe you'll have insurance and maybe you won't.
 But either way they'll want some money up front.
 You may be tempted to give them some because you're a nice person, because they insist or because they threaten you somehow BUT DON'T DO IT.
 You may overpay and of course you'll want that overpayment refunded.
  Well, 20 minutes came and went with no comment.
  Then a young doc in scrubs still in school mentions to Natalie that he has class at 2, and if there is anything that can be done for him.
 Markarian is gong to take care of his own people and I got the shaft again.
  When our names finally got called at 1:40 (3 names were called, mine being last), I asked the nurse how long it will take for me.
  She said the doc is still not in and I'm 3rd in line, so good luck.
  She was very apologetic, but I only can take 1 hour off from lunch.
  In this economy, to have a job, afford health care, and pay this doc probably $400 for an office visit was out of the question at this point.
  I walked out and will never look back.
  I probably will never go back to USC medical center, as the staff seems to be of the same caliber.
 I am a paying customer, and yes, my time is more valueable than the doctors.
  Next time, I'll choose a doctor who can respect their patients.
I have spent 11 days at Keck after aortic valve replacement.
 I must say that the nursing staff is the best I have experienced.
 The facility is like the nicest hotel.
 The food is the best hospital food I have ever had.
  My experience at Keck was great.
this is the worst hospital I have been  very unorganized unprofessional  and many mistakes, and yes they don' care
 They did nothing to help resolve my ongoing headache.
 They fed me a bunch drugs( Tylenol, Benadryl and other drugs at the same time as if they were trying to kill me) and the nurse popped a blood vessel trying to take blood out of me in my veins.
 And the worst part is that they didn't even bother to let me know my insurance expired before taking me in so they're now charging me 6k for this ridiculous emergency room visit.
Don't expect great service if you don't have preferred insurance.
 I had to sit and watch these people give the worst service in a dirty room to my DISABLED 68 YEAR OLD MOTHER.
 When she was discharged they didn't even offer a wheelchair to let her out.
 They just said she can go now after they just did a procedure on her Injured leg.
 They just pumped her with drugs and sent her on her way.
 He went above to make me feel comfortable.
 Eisner was very informative and helpful.
 Was taken care of and out in a pinch.
This hospital is horrible.
 My mother was missing for more than 24 hrs , the police found her here.
  We show up around 12 MN because we were worried.
  Security person was mean, he didn't want to let both of us go up.
  I explained to him the situation.
  He was still heartless.
  I requested the House supervisor to ask permission to let both of us up to see my mother.
  She didn't know what being compassionate means.
  But I was escalating by the minute because I needed to see my mother and make sure she was fine.
  The nurse up in the second floor was nice but my mother had a call light button that didn't work.
 Overall, I don't recommend this hospital.
Horrible hospital.
 My father was going through hepatic encephalopathy and was NOT okay and it took 24 hours for him to be seen by a doctor and have ANY treatment done on him.
 Ultimately he passed away due to lack of oxygen (he was there since Saturday early morning and was not seen until Sunday because the doctor couldn't get to him yet, we didn't know it was lack of oxygen until the autopsy report) he was not even put on oxygen after I expressed to the nurse on Saturday that he seemed to not be breathing okay.
 The nurses are garbage with no compassion at all and horrible bed side manner.
 The doctors/nurses have no sense of urgency to see their patients and only care about cashing in on patients.
 If you want to ask a question be sure to have employees speed walk away to avoid you.
 I would not recommend this place to anyone - please go somewhere else where patient care is better, it may save your loved ones life.
 I truly believe that if we would have taken my father to another hospital then we would have had a bit more time with him.
I have been here numerous times with different family members.
 Always a pleasant experience with the emergency room staff and service.
 This time the person who stood out the most was Marcel, my grandma's nurse.
 Very pleasant and professional person.
 Took great care of her and sympathized with her.
Slipped and fell in shower hit my ribs, went here cause it was closest to my apartment.
 If I'd read the reviews I would never have gone here.
 The doctor misdiagnosed my injury and didn't check my breathing as bruised or fractured ribs can cause a collapsed lung and or pneumonia.
 The doctor said I had bruised ribs gave me a prescription for Tylenol with codeine which made me sick the next day and I went to cedars urgent Care where they did another x-ray and found I had 2 fractured ribs, not bruised.
 Also the doctor checked my breathing from front and back.
 Said the fracture was easy to see.
 Horrible incompetent and lack of proper care.
 I'm disgusted.
The nurses here at were attentive, caring and beyond sweet.
 I could not have asked for better care for my grandma than by the hands of nurses who treat patients as if they were a part of their own family.
 The only reason I would not give them a five star rating is ; rooms are dated and furniture (fold out couches) are all broken; cafeteria is only open for 4 hours a day - nowhere to get dinner; the ER dr is rude and not very people oriented.
 I would say ppl think this is a subpar facility, but I am glad Cedars was full and I was sent here as Liz, Ashken, Rino and Danielle took better care of my grandmother and suggested and spotted things that others would have written off.
I've been to the Olympia ER a couple times, and I can tell you that this place is professionally run, efficient, and friendly, etc.
 They know what they are doing and no one is running around clueless.
It is nothing like the hot mess of the UCLA system which in my opinion is one big  reason why the healthcare industry sucks.
 UCLA sucks balls.
Go to Olympia and get quality service while being treated like a human.
i like transparency, like most customers/patients do.
 unfortunately, with the medical industry in its current heavily money-driven state, patients are generally kept in the dark.
 it's frustrating being in a vulnerable state without many options for care and being left with the decision of seeking treatment with the risk of an astronomical medical bill, or going home and sleeping it off.
 i chose the former and highly regret it.
 after being in a car accident which left me with a numb wrist, i entered olympia's er, since i couldn't find an er connected to my health insurance provider that was open.
 after entering the er, i waited for an hour, had x-rays taken, waited another hour, then was given ointment and instructions on taking care of my injured wrist.
 what i wasn't expecting was to receive a $2147 medical bill nearly half a year after treatment.
here are the charges i received:stepping into the er as a patient: $2586x-ray of wrist: $753x-ray of hand: $702ointment: $17total: $4058so post-deductible prices were still pretty ridiculous.
 on a positive note, the staff were friendly.
 why is it that nearly all other service-based institutions provide prices, except for medical ones?
 Among the worst price gougers of all hospitals in the country, and 3rd worst in California.
 Washington Post today - top 50 price gougers: https://www.
 There are a number of urgent care facilities that are excellent and much more affordable - and take most insurance.
 So often an ER or Hospital is not needed.
 Otherwise just head to a known hospital or chain - Provident Health has a bunch of good hospitals, as does UCLA Health and then there's Cedars Sinai.
 Even Kaiser has a decent reputation.
I went to ER at Olympia medical center and have received good care.
 I would recommend this hospital.
Horror Hospital, is the best way to describe this almost medieval institution.
 A relative of mine was here recently.
 They checked into ER and waited in a room on a chair for hours till there was a bed available not even a gurney to lay on comfortably.
 Then the room itself was a sauna due to poor maintenance.
 Call butoons did not work.
  Food was sent at the whim of the Kitchen not what you choose on the menu.
 When yelling for help, nurses and other employees walked by impervious to the patents cries for assistance.
  My relative got bedsores due to the lack of care that looked like 2nd degree burns or worse on some parts.
 When I came to pick up my relative, they were in such bad state that I saw white.
 This is a place where you can literally stick someone down some corridor and forget about them and no one would ever know if they were alive or dead.
 The owners of this hospital should be held criminally negligent and this Bedlam torn down and turned into something useful, like a Mcdonalds.
 The city of Los Angeles must be aware by now of what is going on there.
 How much money is it costing to keep the palms greased and the doors open I wonder?
 Olympia is the place to take someone to die, not be helped.
 So if your looking to get that rich relative to kick over and get your trust money.
 Fortunately for me my brother is a bit smarter, and realized I was in no state to be making decisions for myself.
 When I got there I was in a room within 20 minutes and hooked up to an IV stat.
 I've been sick with a uti almost 3 months and it took a turn for the worse when I started peeing blood and losing control of my bladder, leaking urine all over myself.
 Let me tell you, as a 22 year old, thats an all time low in my life.
 Not being able to prevent yourself from leaking urine.
 oh my god i cannot describe the humiliation.
 Something you want to keep to yourself but you end up having to explain to your family and a strange doctor.
 But you know, they hooked me up.
 Very quickly I was given anti-inflammatories, antibiotics, pain killers, and fluids.
 I had already taken pyridium three hours prior, but it wasn't providing the relief I'm used to.
 And it doesn't treat the infection, it just masks the symptoms.
They made me feel better, and once I had calmed down and began to feel relief I was glad I came.
 Fuck the bill, I'll deal with the bill when it comes.
 At that point in time all that mattered was stopping the intense pain.
 I know some people scoff, like uti pain is whatever.
 And i agree, usually I can handle uti pain, but this was something else entirely.
 The lady who was taking care of me.
 I think I'm going to send her flowers, I am literally in love with her.
 She neutralized the situation very fast.
 I explained all the medication I had already taken from free walk-in clinics.
 Amoxicillin, Cipro, Macrobid, and Ampicillin(twice) and that none of it worked.
 She was sympathetic and put me on an IV right away.
 After a few hours I was discharged with antibiotics and painkillers.
 I'm going to pick up my culture results on monday along with the bill.
 She wants me to have a copy of the results, so I know the pathogen as well as what its resistant to.
 Now I'm seeing a specialist (which is what I should have done much sooner).
 He's taking care of me.
 Let this be a lesson, take care of yourself when you first get sick.
 Don't wait to land in the ER, Its expensive to go to the doctor when you don't have health insurance, but its more expensive to be in the ER.
 If you have to go though, you have to go.
 Honestly you only have one body, don't ruin it.
Well, never thought I'd be yelping an ER.
 But here I go.
I drove to cedar Sinai last week as I began experiencing severe abdominal pain and was concerned about my appendix.
 It was over 2 hours later and so I called my doctor who recommended I go to Olympia ER.
I'd never been to Olympia and had to google search to find directions.
How did I not know about this place.
I drove in to park and the attendant said that it was FREE VALET for ER patients.
I checked in, had my vitals taken and 15 minutes later a doctor walked in, introduced himself and showed real attention to my concerns.
I had blood work done, was given pain medicine and he came back to check on me and go over my results in just under an hour.
He told me that with his exam and the blood work, that he didn't feel I had appendicitis and did not want to expose me to radiation if he didn't have to.
He did an ultrasound instead of a cat scan and he was right.
 I had a cyst on my ovary.
It was truly an amazing experience.
 I had everything done and out within 2 hours.
 But the best part of my experience was the caring I felt from the staff.
 My nurse was so kind and caring and my doc spent more time with me than my own private doc has in my regular check ups.
I must say, reading some of these other reviews motivated me to write this.
 It seems like some family members are taking it upon themselves to write these reviews and they don't really come from the patient themselves.
 I am so great full to you all and will recommend this little newly discovered jewel to all my family and friend.
I wish I could give a less than zero rating.
 This place needs to be shut down.
 It is a criminal organization set up to extort money from people in need and from the government.
 The doctors Dr Shoti in particular, are more concerned with payment than health care.
 The hospital administrators are what can only be described as EVIL especially Megan Doyle.
 It is a real life horror story.
 PLEASE go anywhere else but here.
 If you would like specific details please feel free to contact me.
A loved one was rushed to the ER a few nights ago and the experience I had with one of the night nurses left a bad taste in my mouth.
 The whole thing was already a really difficult and high-stress situation for everyone involved and her thinly veiled opinion about the matter really did not make the situation any better.
 I get it, it's 5am and a really rough situation, but insinuating to a patient's loved one that the whole situation was THEIR fault really was NOT needed.
 If that's what she thought, she really should have kept her mouth shut and her opinions to herself instead of making the patient's family feel worse about everything.
As a nurse myself, I am impressed at the quality of care I received as a patient at Olympia Medical Center.
 I checked in to the ER this past Sunday night and my wait time was like 10 minutes.
 I was greeted by a very professional and caring male triage nurse who escorted my husband and I to another very good nurse Mara.
 Later that night I was admitted to the 3rd floor and had an amazing nurse care for me the rest of the night.
 Then the next day, I was cared for by yet another very good nurse Mila.
 I was so impressed by the amazing team work of the nurses there.
 Everyone offered help to eachother and were kind to eachother and to my husband and I.
 They provided a bed for my husband in my room and provided him with juices and snacks.
 They answered the call lights very fast.
 I had an amazing experience there.
The most terrible experience at a hospital ever.
 Let me start by saying that I am sitting in the hospital bed right now.
 I woke up from surgery and had a bad reaction to the anesthesia.
 That was yesterday.
 The nurses have to be the least compassionate people I have ever met.
 I am not talking about just having a bad experience with one of them-no 95% of the around 20 or more nurses I have had have been down right shitty.
 When I need to use a bad pan(Doctor put me on bed rest they they won't let me get up) I always have to ask for toilet paper, they never smile and sound like they hate life, it takes them 30-45 minutes to give you pain meds when you just got out of surgery, don't turn the light off at 5 in the morning or at least close the door,and they treat you like a child and get annoyed when you need something and can't get it yourself.
 I could keep going but the list it just too long.
 Can't wait to get out of here and the doctor won't let me go till tomorrow I believe, going to try and talk him into letting me go today.
Olympia is a fantastic facility.
 The administrator is very compassionate and really cares about the treatment the patients receive.
 My mom even checked herself into the facility to see what it was like to be a patient in her facility to get a patients perspective.
 The facility does not have the typical nursing home smell.
This is absolutely the WORST hospital ever.
 I went in on July 31st to have a plate put in my broken foot.
 Was strapped to the table in the OR, endured 8 IV sticks, took the day off of work, went through the emotional stress of preparing for surgery to be told at the last second before being put under that OLYMPIA did not order the correct part to repair my foot.
 Had to go back 4 days later to get the surgery again.
 I've made several attempts to get someone at OLYMPIA to speak to me about this obvious negligence.
 I can't get anyone to communicate with me.
 They even charged my insurance company and myself for things on BOTH surgery days even though they botched the first one.
 This place is a disgrace and should not even be operating as a hospital at all.
Peeing in a cup has never been so fun.
 I came here because I needed a drug test for my new job.
 Everything was really quick and efficient.
 I was in and out in roughly ten minutes.
 I mean, I was just peeing into a receptacle for some poor lab intern to examine, but I'm glad I didn't have to wait around forever.
 Secretaries at the front desk were really friendly and the guy who asked me to relieve myself was open to me cracking jokes about the whole ordeal and even laughed.
 Great efficient staff, I would pee here again.
It is so loud.
  But the worst thing is they want to run every single test possible.
  Unnecessary ones to say the least.
  They chat nonstop and don't pay attention to their jobs.
Its like a social party not a hospital.
glad they are happy laughing all the way to the bank.
  But the worst is if you want to leave they offer you valium or anything you want for you to stay, then say its illegal to leave (not right, you always have a right to refuse treatment and sign yourself out.
I went in there with a simple problem and ended up .
Staff spoke broken English at best.
 Doctors were rude.
 Hospital itself was a dump.
 Learned my lesson.
 Never again.
My Father had two surgeries at this hospital, one for his spinal cord with Dr Tien Nguyen and hernia with Dr Quy Le, Anesthesia Dr Khanh Kevin Le.
 All the Dr's are very professional and awesome with their job, both surgeries was very smooth.
 Speaking of the staff, from the RN to the check in people in the front, they were so kind, professional and very helpful.
 I would definitely recommend this hospital to anyone who's looking for one.
The doctors and nurses at orange coast memorial are the best.
 Dr Mehta performed my 2 births which turned into c sections and I ended up hemorrhaging blood with my 2nd about an hour later.
 Dr Mehta rushed back and I had a complete blood transfusion and hysterectomy and if it wasn't for Dr Mehta, I would not be here.
 She literally saved my life.
 I don't think the end result would've been the same at many other hospitals.
 The nurses and anesthesiologist are amazing as well.
 The hospital tops other like Cedar Sinai & Kaiser for sure.
I went to emergency room and I felt they were more interested in money than helping me  Thanks for your response, I have called and spoken to those at the number you posted and I have sent a memo describing what happened, and after the hospitals review it was determined that I was to pay the bill.
My review is for The Infusion Center.
 I have recently found out that I'm anemic so I had to come here to get an iron infusion.
 I had the pleasure of meeting their staff Cece,Diane, and Nancy.
 Everyone was so nice and really made my visit as comfortable as possible.
 Big thumbs up for the heated blanket I was given to use while sitting comfortably in their big reclining chair.
 This was my personal favorite.
 Since everyone was so nice it made my whole visit go by really fast.
 I'm definitely looking forward to my next appointment there.
 Big thank you to the nursing staff for your excellent patient care.
There needs to be a zero star option.
 This hospital nearly killed me after infecting me with a hospital born bacteria during a minorly invasive surgery.
 They didn't take into account my compromised immune system whatsoever.
 I would not send anyone you care about to this disgrace of an establishment.
This review is for Dr Dena Amr.
 She was a wonderful doctor has a great bedside manner and takes the time to explain everything.
This place is very rude and also you will die before you can be helped by any doctor or real nurse.
 Dont go here unless you have a death wish that you need it.
 I see eveyone waiting like 2 hours plus and some people bleeding to death and still waiting.
 This place make me sick and sad.
This review is for the OBGYN department and the birthing department (labor & delivery & postpartum care).
I had been going to Dr Tran, Denise Castellanos, Corry Ann Varner, and Dr Ruiz.
 At each appointment prior to my labor they each made me feel at ease about my pregnancy and listened and answered all of my questions.
 I would recommend any of them.
 I would like to give a special shout out to my favorite nurse, Kim (I believe she is the main nurse for Dr Tran).
 She is one of the nicest, sweetest people I have ever met.
 I was a nervous, anxious, exhausted emotional wreck.
 There are so many people to thank: Heather, Minette, Michelle, Toni, Alli, and a bunch I cannot remember (I'm truly very sorry.
 I remember everyone's faces and what they did for us, but I don't remember names as well).
 Everyone tried to help calm my fears.
 As a first time mom I was unsure of myself to do anything correctly.
 Everyone made me feel like I was doing a good job.
 No one made me feel incompetent or unprepared.
 Everyone listened to me and cared for me during our stay.
 Everyone was really kind and thoughtful.
 I also want to thank the hospital staff in general.
 You hear about how awful hospital food was, I actually loved mine, so thank you to those that made the food and brought it to us.
 Thank you to the cleaning staff.
 Thank you so much to the lactation consultants who made it so much easier to breastfeed after they showed me different positions to try.
 I loved this hospital.
 I'm recovering, mostly recovered 100% physically and mentally.
 My baby is healthy and wonderful.
 If I have another baby I will be delivering at this hospital again.
 Best care you could receive.
What an incredibly clean facility.
 My daughter was in for Gastric Surgery and I was extremely impressed with the cleanliness, communication, the work ethic, and the professionalism of the whole staff including the volunteers near the waiting room keeping everyone informed about their loved ones.
 The quick response was incredible whenever my daughter needed anything.
 The staff worked like clockwork and I was very impressed.
 Dena Amr There aren't words to express how grateful I am for your expertise, attention to detail, and perfection in my surgery.
 I am elated and overjoyed with my new bellybutton and hernia repair.
 Am I lucky and grateful you got to operate me.
 On the day of my surgery you and your staff made me feel as comfortable as possible and did an amazing job on my surgery.
 I would recommend you to any of my family and friends thank you so much.
Lisa from cafeteria is amazing, she went out of her way to help my family and I.
 Great customer service.
Went here two days ago for extreme nausea and diarrhea.
 It was my second trip to an ER in a few days.
 The first was to Fountain Valley Regional where they admitted me for observation and really did little to diagnose me.
 If you would like to know about that experience read the review I wrote.
 The Orange Coast ER was packed but they are so organized and efficient it is amazing.
 They were so crowded that they were putting people in the halls but they did not neglect them.
 The nurses were great and the doctor, John Lee, was wonderful.
 He determined what he thought was as causing my symptoms, gave me a dose of medication and a prescription and then to my absolute surprise called me the next day to see how I was doing.
 I can't say enough good about this experience but I can assure you this is my ER of choice in the future.
I came to the emergency room here recently and was under the care of  Yulie Park, Megan Blades, and Jennifer Oman.
 The care I received was above and beyond, thorough, and the doctors, PAs, and nurses all showed outstanding patient interaction skills.
 I felt safe, truly cared about, and left there with an ease of mind that I was going to be okay because of the doctors who treated me.
 I've been to many emergency rooms, and I can honestly say this is the best one I have ever been too and where I will always come back after the care I received there.
 Thank you so much to the amazing women who cared for me, you deserve to be recognized for your outstanding patient care.
People don't usually want to be at the hospital for any issues however I've had to spend quite some time here with medical issues.
 I've had to spend time here because for family issues.
 The security team are by far the most amazing and caring team I've ever encountered.
 The security guard Dennis is extremely caring and compassionate and it's so evident in their service.
 Doctors and nurses are kind and so knowledgeable.
 The oncology unit is one of the best I've encountered.
 Really made a difficult time easier to deal with.
 Oncology unit one of the best.
 All the doctors and Rn's are Phenomenal.
 I recommend it if you have an emergency
First I went to Saddleback who improperly scheduled me for a mammogram, I was there for an MRI.
 They were rude and I left crying.
Then I went to Hoag who had the tiny, long tube machine and they send you an head-first like you're in a coffin with your back smashed up against the top of it.
 I'm not a large woman and it was very scary.
 Frankly, I had a panic attack.
 I wasn't able to do the procedure at all.
 I asked them if there was an open MRI for the type of MRI I was having and they said no.
 I did my own research and found Orange Coast memorial.
 Thank God because they have a much bigger opening so you feel less scared and it's a shorter machine so your head can be out.
 I didn't have a panic attack, the procedure was 20 minutes shorter than Hoag's would have been and the staff was absolutely fantastic.
 In fact, the radiologist even called me on my way home and gave me the results of my MRI.
 I'm just so pleased and so thankful that I found them.
 Anyone who needs a breast MRI or with claustrophobia- absolutely must go to this facility  The machine is top-notch and the staff is way better than either Saddleback or Hoag.
On September 29th, I brought my husband to the hospital for severe vertigo.
 As a nurse, I know that vertigo can be a symptom of a stroke and felt due to how severe the symptoms were, it needed to be checked out.
 My husband was unable to even stand up and had to crawl to get to the car.
 He was brought back immediately and underwent several tests.
 While in the ER, he became bradycardic which I noticed, and the ER nurse did not (his heart rate went down into the 30s and he lost consciousness).
 She thanked me later for noticing his heart rate was so low.
 Caring, smart nurses and doctors.
Specifically for the Breast Imaging centerThis place is very good.
 They are polite, friendly, never pushy or put out because they have another patient.
 I would recommend anyone to be treated here
I had my right hip replacement on 6/25/18 and it cost me over $6K.
  The 27 hours I was allowed to stay in the hospital was fine no complaints there, when I went to discharge I requested a certain home health company as I work for them and the charge nurse continued to insist to write paper work up for their in house home health company (to continue to make money from me).
  My nurse had to go back to charge nurse 4 times during discharge to get things right.
 the day I went into the hospital and July before I even received a bill I sent a $ 350,00 payment, I continued to for multiple months and then I started getting calls from the billing department stating to me to increase my payments to $575 a month or they would send.
  I had to sell some things and put some of it on a high interest credit card but paid them off.
  3 Days after mailing in the final payment I get a call from someone in the billing department asking me about the $3K balance and I stated I mailed it in already and what I had to do to get the money and the individual stated the $350 a month was plenty and who did I talk to, yada yada yada.
  Griselda Gonzalez from patient financial services was not reasonable to work with and I am not happy and will not recommend this hospital.
  You might get what you need done but then unreasonable people representing the hospital in the billing department haunt you until you do something drastic to pay them off.
  Amazing how $350,00 a month is not a reasonable payment for a debt a little under $3K.
 Before you decide to go to Orange Coast Memorial for any procedures, example, to their imaging center, they do not bill their procedures as a normal outpatient imaging procedure.
 They bill as a service through the hospital with your insurance will apply your deductible even if you're covered at 100% anywhere else.
 Usually I have my procedures at Hoge imaging Center and decided to go here because I was told by my doctors that they are less expensive, well that's CRAP.
 Because now I have a $300 bill because of their billing system.
 And I was told there is nothing they will do to correct it issue.
Only go here if you want to walk away with an unexpected bill at the end.
I'm in the ER with my mom right now.
 Please please please avoid this ER if at all possible.
 Here's my story -After 3 months of fainting, trying to figure out the cause on my own, and my sister (who's a PA) hounding me constantly.
I finally decided to go to the emergency 2 days after fainting 3 times.
I came in with slurred speech, blurred vision, chest pain, feeling confused, and dizzy.
 After checking in and telling them my symptoms I was never offered a wheelchair to help prevent me from falling -- in fact I was asked 3 times to come back to triage and then walk back to the waiting room without any help.
 On the 3rd call back the doctor asked me a few questions and without even examining me told me it was anxiety and that he'd run some blood panels and then send me on my happy way with anti-anxiety medication.
 I let him know that while I was stressed in that moment that it most definitely wasn't anxiety or an anxiety attack (I've had those I know what they are.
 I was sent back to the waiting room where I called my sister and told her what they were saying.
I was so upset, I haven't been to the emergency room since I was 15 and it felt like such a slap in the face to have my concern discounted by this doctor.
Thankfully, my sister and her husband called the Director of the emergency room and they threw the most amazing bitch fit and my concerns were finally being taken semi-seriously.
 The doctor gave me some BS line of we don't usually see people your age with symptoms like this as his excuse for the way he had previously treated me.
I was later admitted to the hospital where I had sub-par treatment.
 I had multiple non-sustainable vt (which were not documented anywhere in my chart by the nurses and I have pictures of to show my pcp when I see her next week).
 I had insanely low blood pressure that dropped even after they gave me 2 bags of fluid and was discharged the next day without any solution and was simply told I should drink more water and increase my salt intake.
 I'll be making sure I get to Hoag next time I have a problem come up.
I have been at Orange Coast Memorial as a patient multiple times - once when my teratoma was diagnosed, once for a biopsy, once for my pre-op checkup, and once for my sternotomy.
 Each time I encountered a wonderful team of staff and felt I was in safe hands.
After my surgery the nurses checked on me regularly to make sure I was comfortable and that I had everything I needed.
 Even the hospital food was great - I remembered having salmon with rice one day, ribs with mashed potatoes the next.
 A friend of mine who worked at another hospital couldn't believe it - she said the patients' food at her own hospital looked barely edible.
One of my night-shift nurses, Debbie in the Cardiology wing, comes to mind as being absolutely exceptional.
 She answered my calls quickly and was always very courteous and professional.
 When I still had my chest tubes, she carried my drainage systems with me to the bathroom and back.
 I also had a great physical therapist, I wish I remembered her name.
 As a whole, the staff was incredibly professional and helpful.
 Orange Coast Memorial Hospital far exceeded my expectations of what it's like to be at a hospital.
It happened to be the weekend of my daughters ballroom competition when she got sick and in the middle of the night we walked from the hotel to the ER.
It was very clean and pleasant smaller ER.
 We got great service: nurses were very friendly and made my girl feel safe at 3:00 am.
We were seen by the doctor within 15 minutes and knowing that we were visiting staff tried to help us as much as possible.
 They even found 2 doses of antibiotics for her to take before we would get home.
  The process took about 3 hours in the Nuclear Department, that was where we met this wonderful technician Viet Pham.
  He first welcomed us with a big smile, explained all the procedures before he started, then patiently answering all of my mom questions and concerns.
  When he saw how nervous my mom was, he wanted to make sure my mom was at ease by making her laugh, told her not to worry and stayed by her side the entire time.
  Most of all, he made my mom feel safe throughout the process.
  He even went out of his way to bring my mom lunch and gave her a blanket when she was cold, waiting in the waiting room.
  What a service and a true gentleman.
  I can tell he is very sincere, he loves his job and loves helping people.
  This hospital is very lucky to have him on staff.
  As a business owner and a husband in medical field.
  I acknowledge and appreciate this kind of service, where customers / patients come first.
 The nurses and staff were always great and treated me and my family well.
 I would recommend this hospital to anyone.
Brought a friend to the ER here who was attacked by a rabid spider and his wrist swelled up.
The waiting room is tiny so you have to listen to everyone's maladies when they describe to the intake clerk.
Then you listen to the malady details when the nurse guy interrogates the afflicted in the inquisition room which is just feet away from where people sit.
This nurse guy just wouldn't think of closing the door and giving some privacy.
Everyone hears everything.
No magazines in the waiting room, but the WIFI works (some previous reviewer said it didn't).
Retrieved my own magazines from the car.
When I got bored and walked around the campus, it is a pretty nice facility.
The fun just never ends in here.
No, there's nothing I can say to make this thing interesting - it's an ER waiting room.
My friend said the experience in the back was good.
My wife has had 2 surgeries here and we couldnt be happier with the level of care.
Nurses are awesome and attentive.
 The doctor she had was also above awesome and we are both happy with the care she has given ( Dr lei).
Now for the bad, Parking.
 When spaces are clearly marked for patient parking and delivery companies and emplyees take those spaces it adds stress on people coming to get medical care.
 I hope management will take notice and correct this abuse.
 Other than that we appreciate all the hospital staff and what they do.
Unfortunately, I was in a car crash where I fainted behind the wheel.
 Luckily I was in heavy traffic and only hit the median.
 Was taken here and kept overnight.
 I was treated with respect and felt cared for.
 Did a full workup to make sure my heart was ok and it was.
 Now just have to figure out why I faint so much
I am writing this review in regard to my experience at Orange Coast Memorial for my gastric bypass surgery performed by Dr.
 Originally I was scheduled to have my surgery at Fountain Valley Hospital.
 After reading the horrid reviews on that hospital I requested for my services to be transferred to Orange Coast  On January 18, 2017 I had gastric bypass surgery performed on me.
 This review will be on the entire experience.
The valet parking was awesome, what a convince.
 The admission check in was a breeze and staff was polite.
 After check in was completed the valet staff called for a gentleman to take us to the surgery department via tram.
 Once in the surgery department a friendly gentleman checked me in, advised me and my husband of my surgery time and explained to him how to follow the monitor on my progress once called back for pre op.
 Once into the pre op my experience changed.
 My pre op RN (Wish I could remember her name) was down right rude.
 Her bed side manner was terrible and she was extremely short with my husband when he came back to wait with me.
 For me this was a huge deal and I was nervous, the mannerism of this RN did not help with that but instead heightened it.
 Even my husband said she was rude to him.
 Of course at that point I was now wondering after all if I made the right decision by switching from Fountain Valley.
 My surgery was scheduled for 1pm but the surgical team did not come and meet with me until about 3pm.
 To me this was not really an issue.
 I understand factors or complications with patient prior to me can effect the surgery time.
 My issue was having to wait in the pre op with a rude RN.
 When the surgeon, RN that would be in my surgery room and the anesthesiologist came to let me know it was time for me I was so relieved.
 Dr Ali is great, personable and patient.
 He answered all my and my husband's questions.
 The surgery team was great as well.
 My experience in the recovery room is fuzzy so I am unable to leave a review.
 My husband did say however, all the staff were very nice.
 I was so happy with my room as I got lucky and was assigned to a solo room.
 The attending staff for my stay in the hospital were nice.
 They answered all questions and helped with anything I asked for.
 My experience with my discharge the next day was not favorable.
 I felt completely rushed.
 The nurse who discharged me did not really go over my discharge instructions.
 Of course I was tired and not thinking to straight with the medications and the pain I was experiencing so all the questions I needed answered I did not think of until I went home.
 In summary, if my experience with the pre op RN and my discharging nurse were better I would definitely give this hospital a 5 star.
 With these negative experiences I can only rate this hospital at a 3.
 I am unsure if these reviews really make a difference to management.
 If they do I would recommend pre op staff be coached on their attitudes.
 These RN's are the front line and are who patients see before their operation.
 The experience with the pre op staff can set the whole tone for a patient.
 Stress and feelings of wondering if you chose the right hospital right before surgery stink.
Such caring ladies work here.
 The ladies are angels and took the best of care with my girlfriend.
 Thank you for taking the one on one time with her .
This review is for Lori, the lactation consultant, Ginger in labor and delivery, and Char in post partum.
 These nurses are amazing and the care they provide is of the highest quality.
 They care for their patients and go above and beyond.
 I feel so fortunate to have had my birth experience here under their care.
 You can tell it is not just a job for them and truly care and have compassion for their patients.
 I cannot say enough good things about these women named.
 I'd like to nominate them for a daisy award but do not see the information online.
Unfortunately, our NICU experience was the exact opposite.
 One nurse in particular who has a bad reputation among the staff soured our experience here.
 I do not understand why she is still working here.
 I agree with other reviewers that this center is not pro breastfeeding and pro skin to skin, despite their claims.
 A vast amount of research exists that reports skin to skin and breastfeeding are life changing and life producing for babies in the NICU.
 However, this is not the atmosphere created in the NICU.
 New mothers are vulnerable and this mistreatment could lead to post partum depression.
 Parents are viewed as a nuisance.
 I hope your family does not have the unfortunate experience of having to have your baby in the NICU.
 If so, remain adamant about being with your baby, I wish I would have continued to do so.
 This nurse should be terminated for the unethical treatment she provides.
 I hope management views this and action is taken to remove this incompetent nurse.
 I will wait on a response and take action accordingly.
Excellent care by all on staff: doctors, nurses and attendants.
 The attention and quality of care was exceptional The food was very good too.
The staff here is truly remarkable.
 During my four day stay I was treated each day by someone even nicer and more knowledgeable than the last and they we're already WELL above average on day one.
 From the ER to the radiology lab to the blood work team and especially the medical wing I was consistently impressed.
 I can be squeamish at times and they were more than accommodating.
 The night staff was WONDERFULLY caring and let me sleep as much as possible.
 The cleaning staff and maintenance were unobtrusive and kind.
 The food was really quite decent and food staff made me feel appreciated and comfy with many choices and a pleasant demeanor.
When I needed some lightheartedness to calm my nerves they all of them were kind and jovial and when it was time to talk serious stuff they were confident and understanding and very good at listening.
I had contact with almost two dozen doctors, nurses, assistants and techs and I would give every one of them 5 stars based on their time with me.
I had a lot of choices and I diligently picked Memorial based on family and friend recommendations and I believe I couldn't have made a better choice.
Thank you Drs Harris and Hanna, nurses Sheri and Aris and Eme, and all the ER crew including Frank and all in radiology, everyone whose name I missed and especially my intake person who continued to ask about my progress.
 He did a very complicated surgery on my husband and has helped us though this every step of the way.
 He is kind, compassionate and has wonderful bedside manner.
 He always keeps us informed as to what is going on and I seriously do not think I could have made it through this time without him.
 Please Dr Nguyen keep doing what you are doing because your kindness really makes a difference.
Customer service is below mediocre.
Tried to call Amber and Jennel for  several weeks and still no success, left several voice messages and no one returned my call.
They practice exams without a permission and you find a surprise Bill under your door.
I will certainly escalate this to their corporate office.
One can heal you  while  the other could potentially kill you with their crusty doctors , dirty environment and incompetent staff.
 I like the care received post surgery.
 I can't comment too much on the doctors since this was  one of the hospital my grandmother's general doctor works for so  we came here to schedule her surgery.
I had already talked to her surgeon multiple times and was familiar with his educational background so I wasn't afraid about having a bad doctor.
 My grandma has been her twice , once in ICU and telemetry on the 3rd floor  towards the side that tends to  cardiac patients.
On the cardiac side it's a 4:1 patient to RN which is always a plus.
A lot of the hospitals in the area have huge patients to RN ratios and it's just not feasible to give patients the care they deserve.
I can't say this is my favorite ICU, the rooms are very dark and  not centered around the nurses' station.
In terms of attention, I felt that the nurses here just showed up sporadically , they weren't as attentive as the ones around garden grove and UCI medical.
I guess I just expected them to be more personable but they did their job so that's all that matters.
 Granted I had a nurse that was a bit creepy but overall the other nurses where so attentive and quick in response to my grandmother's needs.
 The CNA kept her clean and that's a big deal.
 In hospital people have greasy hair or bad breath because they aren't well cared for.
Pre-op room:Jennifer in the pre-op room is feisty but I like her no bullshit attitude.
Waiting area for surgery updates:Now the last time my grandmother had surgery was at UCI , and at UCI there was a waiting room that gave updates to the surgery progress.
You can look at a screen with a patient's code number to know what's going on with your love ones.
Using that  experience as a bench mark OCMMC really lacks in that respect.
Your essentially just sitting outside for the longest time not knowing whats happening until the doctor comes out.
My family was waiting for 2 hours after my grandma was out of surgery until I ask the front receptionist when we are able to see her.
Just not as efficient as I would like.
Bottom Line:Orange Coast memorial is a great hospital in my opinion given the experiences I had here:the hospital is  clean,the nursing staff aren't idiots , the hospital is applying for magnet.
Granted, I don't think all the doctors here are great.
I have seen the asshole who was my grandmother's doctor when she was at Fountain Valley hospital actually roaming the halls.
It was an easy process to call and schedule an appointment.
The reception and registration staff are wonderful.
They are friendly and efficient.
The back office staff is professional and have a wonderful bedside manner.
The exam rooms are quiet and clean.
I dread having to take time out of my busy day to have any medical testing done.
Luckily the staff in the Imaging and Radiology department make it a pleasant experience.
I got sick at night on halloween but I waited until to see my primary Doctor after that he sent me to hospital I do have to 2 hospital to go 1/ Fountains Valley  2/ ORC Then i choose Orange Coast Memorial .
in front office you will see two Ladies ( never smile)  I'm waiting, waiting until my turn in ER room all the Nurse and the Dr very sweet  , they check me everything and find down i had virus in my stomach i stay there until 9.
30 they move me to the room and the first night one little Nurse take care me her name Jenny very very sweet ( i'm so happy she take care me 2 night) and one young guy name Humberto Cervantes and the  day 4 i met i more Nurse She sweet too her name Jane .
Usually i never post anything on yelp but this time i think I should I wish all the team always lucky happy and successful I wish two my sweetest Nurse have a lot patience love you guy more and you too HumbertoWish you guy have a wonderful Thanksgiving
I'm so grateful with all the staff in this hospital.
 I mean everyone from doctors to nurses,  they're so sweet, professional, always smiling.
Everyone took such great care of me and made me feel like I was a family member that they were taking care of.
Joanne  and Leah were my nurses and I couldn't have asked for anyone better.
Joanne was there for me while I was admitted and had a million questions and fears.
She never got annoyed and answered all my questions and made me feel totally comfortable.
When I found out she was going home at 7pm and my new nurse Leah was coming, I got really anxious.
But Leah was amazing too, like an old (but young) friend.
She totally put me at ease and worked with me to get my baby in the right position so that I could have a vaginal birth.
She seemed genuinely happy for me that I got to have the birthing experience I wanted.
She knew how scared I was to get a catheter in recovery so she even came over to do it (even though that wasn't her department), just to make me comfortable.
She brought her bubbly nurse Allie with her which was also amazing and the 2 of them had me cracking up.
Lena delivered my baby and everything went perfect there too.
In recovery, Yoli and Kim took great care of me.
Mama Charlie even recommended letting the nursery nurse watch my son so we could get some much needed sleep and Tess and Kim did that for us.
We were so grateful.
 I actually cried when I left the hospital because everyone took such great care of me and I was just so grateful.
Great and fast when you need them.
 Took my daughter here the other night and we were in and out like an urgent care.
 The er staff was friendly and I felt like we were given enough time with the Doctor
 This place scares me to death.
 I'm sure my father would have died if I hadn't been there and if we hadn't left.
 I found the nurses asleep at night.
 You could hear one of them snore.
 Most of the Asian nurses told me they didn't speak English when we asked for help.
 I talked to them and they would just stare at me blankly.
 Dad sat in soiled diapers for hours.
 I had to change him and he was so embarrassed.
 They never bathed him even though we kept asking.
 His pain was out of control and they refused to call the doctor.
 The call lights rang forever.
 It makes me sick thinking about it.
 Dad says it's the worst place he has ever been.
 God help us if we ever have to go there again.
 I wanted so bad to call the news station and let everyone know.
 I hope this helps you not go through what we did.
I've never stayed over night, but have had a few tests and outpatient surgeries done here.
 These experiences have been totally positive.
 Clean, friendly, and professional care.
 Very convenient location for me, also.
 I actually wrote a letter, and was very quickly contacted.
 I could tell they cared.
 My daughter received a quilt from the hospital, hoping our experience would be better if we needed to return.
Our next trip to the ER.
when my spouse was injured - ended up being terrific.
It's such a small hospital, and I love the new building.
A good place with caring staff.
I'm giving this hospital for 5 stars.
 Cos the RN(nurse) are very nice and friendly.
 Joenie and ginger they are the best RN.
The billing people are the worst; they treat you like you're a piece of trash on the floor.
  I'm dealing with 5 different hospital 4 who are very nice and respectful.
  OC Memorial billing service needs to take lessons from a good billing service on how to treat people.
  If I could have given less then one star I would have.
My daughter got hurt during a softball game and couldn't walk.
 Nightmare avoided .
Such an amazing staff.
 So friendly and knowledgeable.
 I wish I could say same for outside specialists though.
 Seems like they have their own schedule.
I got them transfer me to Lisa.
She has helped me to resolve my problems very quick.
The maternity tour started with a raffle for a massage at Elements.
They provide small water bottles also.
It wasn't easy to find parking at the first floor of the rear parking structure.
Maternity personnel wear a pink badge with a photograph.
Only three visitors are allowed into the Women's Center at a time.
Siblings are allowed but others must be over age 12.
The hospital shuts down at 8:00 so if you go intro labor after that you'll have to enter through the emergency room.
Preadmission asks for last menstrual period and marital status.
Still photography is allowed in the labor room as long as a tripod isn't used.
During birth the photographer is restricted to the head of the bed.
Their OB education is limited to baby care basics, breastfeeding, and childbirth.
They believe in couplet care, which means baby and mother will stay together until they are discharged.
Just want to say the last day I had the best RN ever.
 Her name was Greta Gonzalez on the surgical floor.
 The night before I left I had a RN named Ken I didn't like him at all.
 I thought the name of the maternity ward was silly.
 The staff was great and put my mind at ease as I had to go back to work 5 hours later.
No complaints, was treated for a few days here at this location.
  My car was in the parking lot the whole time.
What a terrible staff at this hospital.
 Just like the people of Orange County to feel entitled and be disrespectful in any situation.
 I'm so tired of California and this hospital just puts the cherry on top.
What a great experience from early morning check in to loading me in the car to go home.
 I had a total knee replacement (Dr. Gibson's handy work) and I have to say the entire staff was great.
 My amazing pre op coordinator Michelle King made sure that I am completely prepared for everything.
 She made me feel extremely comfortable about asking questions as well as making sure I had her contact info if there I had additional questions I forgot to ask.
 I was made to feel more like family than a patient.
Russo and his team for hiring great support staff in his office.
 Russo was also great-excellent bedside manner.
 Looking forward to my surgery next week being in such capable hands.
This review is strictly for L&D (labor and delivery).
 I have had all 3 of my kids (2002, 2004, and 2010) there and would not go anywhere else.
 It was a great experience each and every time.
 The nurse with the curly hair is awesome.
Staff was very attentive and helpful with everything that I needed.
 2 out of 3 times I had a room to myself which was awesome because hubby could stay and help with the baby.
 When I did have to share a room the staff was great about trying to keep both sides pretty private (well as much as you can with just a curtain separating you.
Food was OK.
Breakfast was the worst meal of the day but lunch and dinner options were fairly decent.
All in all it was a really good experience delivering here.
The only thing I really did not like was the shower because the water pressure was AWFUL.
After giving birth all I wanted was to take a nice shower and it's hard to enjoy with just a dribble of water to wash your hair.
My mother had surgery last week and our first contact was with woman at table that takes your insurance card.
 She was not polite at all.
 Coming in for surgery, a person is already feeling nervous, I feel that there needs to be a more welcoming person to ease these feelings at first point of contact.
 It may be a bad day for her, so I will give her the benefit of the doubt.
 My moms day nurses; Helene, Taylor and Amelia were so great and made my mom feel so comfortable.
 We need more staff like this working in our hospitals.
 It makes a huge difference in Customer service and the way a person is made to feel during difficult times.
 I am only giving 3 stars, because I am here again for my husband's surgery and the same woman that we first saw when walking in that took the insurance card and identification is here again with the same bad attitude so early in the morning.
 I hope this is something that will be improved.
What an amazing ER staff.
 We took my mom here for treatment and everyone with which we interacted was lovely.
 Kind, courteous, helpful.
 I can't say enough about what a wonderful experience we had, especially given the very stressful situation.
 I would recommend this ER to anyone who doesn't want to be treated like a number.
 Orange Coast Memorial charges a ridiculous amount.
I tell everyone not to come here for any services.
 They bill 3 times more compares to St, Joseph.
I delivered my first baby at this hospital.
I cant complain about the staff or how everything medically went.
However, billing  side SUCKS.
I was wrongly billing for 2 stress tests and they failed to correct it even though my insurance and my OB office has provided them with all the necessary information.
Yet, they decided to send me to a collection agency in less than the legal time to collect.
On top, they created another issue regarding a breast pump, which I did not authorized.
All the information it needs was provided to them and yet no response.
I am not the type to waste my time on bad reviews but for this I have formally complained because they have incompetent billing staff and they wasted sooooo much of my time to fix this.
I just got discharged today.
 I delivered baby number 3 here this week.
 To be honest, I was a little hesitant to deliver here because I, along with my two sons, were born in FVRH.
 However I decided to give OCM a try, and I'm glad I did.
 Patient care here is excellent, all the nurses in L&D as well as the Postpartum nurses were full of information.
 My last two days here nurse Mirette took care of me.
 She went above and beyond helping me out, and was full of knowledge.
 I'm really glad this hospital is local in FV, we need more great places like this.
If you don't have any other choice, otherwise do your research and find a more competent group of health care professionals.
My mother-in-law had her gallbladder removed based on the fact that he said she had multiple stones in her gallbladder.
 Dissection of her gallbladder afterwards found no gallstones.
This surgeon had provided us with misinformation in order to fulfill his contractual duties.
They said to speak with the surgeon himself because he is not their doctor, he is just contracted to use their facility.
Perhaps the hospital should be more selective in signing out their contracts to safeguard against issues with the Department of Public Health and the Medical Board.
We confronted the surgeon and asked him some very candid question but he could not provide any straight forward answers.
Apparently the referring MD and the surgeon failed to review the final test result the night before the surgery which indicated that the absence of stones.
Whether it was their failure or intention, it just shows how you cannot trust those MDs there.
Thank God for this Hospital because my husband and I just drove from Long Beach Community Hospital to Long Beach Memorial Medical Hospital ER's to here.
This ER was empty,clean, the help was great, and they took me in to see a doctor within 5 min after filling out this little form.
I saw Melissa who was a very nice doctor who spoke to me very kindly and very informative of the procedure she was going to do.
Thank you Melissa for helping me out and being so nice The only bummer part was when I was waiting for my Discharge papers, it took me an hour to get out of the room and that was because one of the lady's forgot to tell me after giving me some paperwork I had to sign off for that it was the discharge paperwork I was waiting for and that I could not leave because she told me to wait there til I had goten my discharge papers.
I was just happy to have been taken care of and everyone of the staff there were very nice.
Great service.
 I took my mom into the emergency and everyone was very considerate, explained everything to us.
 She was admitted to the hospital and they were very detail oriented asking all the right questions.
 They even have Sunday service for my mom and when I look lost one of the nurse notice and ask me if I needed direction before I had the chance to ask, I found my way thanks to her.
 Overall this hospital is way better than the other ones around here.
 Thank you for your existence.
April 1st was the day my son was born here at OCM.
 I'm thankful for the doctors and nurses that helped me birth my son to this new world.
 I will never forget this place, thank you guys
I usually love this hospital, but what I witnessed today made me disgusted.
 An elderly woman came in convinced she was having a stroke.
 They asked her for a urine sample and her husband panicked when it was fire engine red.
 He took his concerns to the LAZY heavy set blonde at the counter, she dismissed him and said go by the door someone will be with you.
 As his wife got worse he then again proceeded to explain to the lady at the counter his elderly wife was getting worse.
 point blank, the front counter service was HORRIBLE and had no consideration for these two elderly patients.
 She told them 40 minutes ago they would be called in and to wait by the door.
there are still waiting while she is on the phone laughing and giggling.
while the man is trying to comfort and calm his wife.
I wont come back to this hospital again.
 I have been sitting in the ER waiting room for almost 5 hours now with my wife and 4 month old daughter.
 The complete lack of urgency here is disgusting.
I think this hospital hates me.
 My doctor swears they love her.
 I have been to this er twice and not by choice.
 The first time a gurney in the hall this time a make shift room/tent where the Pixis room is located aka medicine supply room.
 Can we count on both hands how many douchebags came in and out of this room/tent kicking my feet, opening my curtains ,no knock ,no anything.
 Out of all the people who violated my space at least 10, only one had the common decency to apologize and saw my pain and asked me if she could help me.
 A nice chubby happy young lady who sincerely cares.
 So with that being said let me warn all potential patients, no privacy whatsoever.
 I heard everything that was wrong with  everyone there.
 I heard their ailments and medical history wow.
 I do understand people are overwhelmed but the patient should be top priority.
 Listening to this guy talk about what he did with his wife on their 6  month wedding anniversary the ER is not the place where lives on are the line.
 Can someone talk about calling the health department on the way the patient bathroom looked.
 I was horrified by what I saw and smelled.
 A backup and flood and no notice or do not not enter sign.
 It is bad enough you have to walk thru the whole ER to get to this bathroom.
 I do not need anyone from this hospital contacting me with their bs.
 The problem with this is they don't care.
 Let's talk about the improperly inserted IV?
 Go to catscan and liquid drips all down my arm and on the bed and all in my hair.
 I could see the frustration on the two kind people in their doing my terst, They had to stop and realign the IV and start the test over.
 What a mess not to mention red dye all in the back of my head.
 I could not get out of their any faster.
 Going to this emergency should not be a nightmare on elm street.
 Have been to other ER rooms and nothing can come close to this disaster.
 I will say the attending doctor was wonderful, kind and very qualified.
 Not like the other idiot I had previously ,who told me they do not do catscans in the ER.
Luckily, my girlfriend truly was not in need of continual medical attention at this facility.
Nurse response for the simple things, bathroom, water, iv refill were mediocre at best.
And I tried to stay the night to assist and support, but despite getting approval from the rn on staff at 9pm, at 1:15am we were both woken up and told I needed to leave immediately.
I know they are just following the rules and some people feel very empowered with power and don't know how to apply or approach this power correctly.
This was one of those situations.
Unfortunately, this year I've learned with over 100 hospital nights on the books with family, our system is broken and this hospital is just an example of every other one, at least in orange county.
They are just concerned with billing and not caring.
Have been going to this medical center for many years, they have very good customer service and my children's pediatrician is very patient and nice.
My mother is currently admitted due to cardiac issues.
The admitting physician appears to have the core physical issues under control.
However, my mother has issues with depression and anxiety, and she has been crying intermittently, because she is so weak, that she can barely rearrange herself in her bed.
 She needs a sitter to be with her continuously, and she needs her antidepressant medication, which apparently wasn't communicated to the ER physicians when she was brought to the hospital by EMT personnel.
 Hospitals typically charge up to $5,000 per day or more for care, and I'm forced to shell out $25 per hour to hire a private caregiver to keep my mother reasonably comfortable.
 Moreover, the day before this occurred, a hospital nurse called me and asked me to bring one of my mother's prescriptions to the hospital because THE HOSPITAL DIDN'T HAVE THE MEDICATION IN ITS PHARMACY.
 I have a fair amount of recent experience as a hospital patient, in several different facilities.
 My care was magnitudes better than what I'm observing at Orange Coast Memorial.
 Maybe this is the status quo of medical care for the average person, and I was just more fortunate with the care that I received while hospitalized.
 The health care system is broken.
 The system is overwhelmed and understaffed, and there's no effective means of making a timely complaint, because the physicians are in control, and everyone else involved must simply wait on their authority and availability.
My 93 year old grandmother was just treated here and released.
 She had emergency surgery and is doing fantastic.
 I am so thankful for the wonderful care she received.
The nursing staff was very helpful, kind and and professional.
 I came here and was treated with delight by Dr Ted who was exceptional, friendly and very professional.
 I highly recommend this place and the service is exquisite.
Make sure to ask for a face mask though, they are giving all visitors and patients a face mask.
 If not, I'm sure Dr Ted will put one on you.
My experience their wasn't the best.
I came in sick, explained all my symptoms, tests were ran and I got the wrong diagnosis.
I had a feeling it wasn't going to be a good experience when the doctor who was like 80 years old came up to me, pulled a cookie out of his jacket, took a bite, put it back in his jacket then proceeded to see what was going on.
He said I had the flu but I was telling him that I can't feel my leg.
Nothing checked.
What I don't understand is that I know my body and what I'm feeling and they don't listen.
 So I had to see another doctor somewhere else for a second opinion who found the problem right away.
 Listen to your patients and do all the necessary steps before sending someone home.
 I spent two days throwing up constantly and not eating because I was taking the wrong medicine.
Went in today to have my son checked out for an ankle sprain.
 He is non verbal asd so pretty much he has high pain tolerance.
 I wanted to make sure there wasn't any fractures.
 I was greeted by the security guy which was kind and he told me where to go to check in (it's my fIrst time here) I was then helped by Vanessa which she was very polite and she was great with my son.
 Once checked in I went to the waiting room and it didn't take long to be seen by the doc.
 There we were greeted by another Vanessa and she was also polite and she knew how to deal with my son.
 He doesn't allow being checked but she handled it so well.
 He had X-rays done and thankfully all went well.
 He was discharged and we are home resting his ankle.
 The few people we dealt with were polite and I appreciate how understanding they were with my son's disability and knowing how to treat him.
If i could rate this hospital no stars I would.
 I went on Friday morning with excruciating pain on my left side by my kidney.
 I told them my symptoms and they kept trying to assume I was pregnant.
 They made me urinate in a cup and wait for my results they ended up saying I had nothing no infection.
 I mentioned to a doctor how it was so painful it wasn't normal Ive never had this before.
 So i mentioned maybe i needed further imaging.
 I was like to see if there is something wrong because its not normal.
 He says im the doctor Ive been doing this for so long and just walked away and said no.
 So they diagnosed me with muscle strain.
 Next day it happened again went to a different hospital got diagnosed with kidney stones.
 Will never go to this place again learn how to do your job properly.
My dad is a patient there and he was unhappy with the care.
 Me and my sister will ask the ICU nurses questions and they will act like they didnt know what was going on.
 I will have to ask more than once for them to act.
 My dad was there for almost a week and seen the doctor three times and he didnt update him with anything.
Probably the best Emergency experience I've ever had in my life.
 My daughter had a high fever 2am in the morning.
 It took us awhile to find a hospital with 24hr emergency.
 The entrance of this ER is in the back of the low-rise building, a little bit hard to spot from the main street .
 The doctor assistant was friendly and efficient.
 It took us less than 10 minutes to complete all registration to see the doctor.
Ted as he was super friendly, patient and professional.
 He was able to diagnose my daughter's problem quickly, gave her medicine which brought her temperature down in about 30min.
 He even drew us a little map to the closest CVS as we were not too familiar with this area.
 Truly amazing services that really helped us to cope with such a frustrating situation.
This is the worst hospital ever.
 They won't even help  you.
 come multiple times and every single time i leave disappointed.
 I ask to get my medicine change to another one that could be covered by my insurance they wont even do that, they prescribed you medicine over the counter type, which wont do shit to your symptoms.
 I highly recommend you to go somewhere else.
 Ted is very attentive and truly cares.
 I'm glad our paths crossed.
 Going forward, I'd definitely reach out to him for any health care concern that I have.
I was transferred from one room to another around 7:30pm the transferred was completed but from 730pm to almost 10pm i was left in the new room unatennded by the attending nursing staff assign to that room,it took 2/12hrs later from the staff to finally show any interest on my well being ,and when i ask for supervisior all night long the only response was OK several times all night long .
The staff in this instance needs to be retrained to prevent this ftom happing to any one else on the upside the medical staff like OSCAR,KIM,bed sitter ANNA and att the wonderful staff that have giving me the level l of care with pride and professionalism needs to brougt to light so they can get the acknowledgement  they deserved for the service they provide to patients care god bless all.
It's really sad , brought by 3 yr old grandson with an ear infection, came in at 11 pm left till after 3 am, when they finally saw him.
You'd think a crying child with an ear InfectIon would take precedent over a minor sprained ankle,   but no not the case here.
They finally see you after a couple of hours only to make you wait another hour and a half to see the actual doctor, smh.
I delivered my baby here.
I am upset that I ended up having a C-section.
The doctors made me feel like they didn't want to bother to even help me give birth normal.
when I got there I was already 3-4cm open I was opening pretty fast, the doctor that was suppose to deliver my baby never showed up, a doctor came in & when he checked on me he told me I was 8cm dilated but the baby was still to high up.
 I asked about me being able to deliver him normal because that was my biggest concern.
 He then told me we were able to try unless I wanted a c-section, I told him i wanted to try normal he left & was taking forever so I sent out my bf to ask what was going on then another women showed up & checked on me she told me I was only 6-7cm and that it was better if I just had a c-section because the baby wasn't going down, I let her know the other doc had told me we could try having him normal & she said she was going to give me a couple min to think about it and left, then another doc came along & he started mentioning how they were concerned the baby was to big & that his head was able to come out but from his shoulders and stomach he was bigger and I could fracture & leave my baby paralyzed.
 When he said that I felt like I had no other option then to have a c-section.
 Other then that I give them 4 stars bcus I'm extremely great full everything came out good & their after care was great.
 The nurses were really helpful , Mayra was one of my favorite.
Haven't been here in a long while and again today Ted NP and Anfela RN is so amazing.
This team is one of a kind who,provides excellent care and such personal care.
I have to say I don't go hospitals mucb,but this place has great aervixe, fast efficient and really sweet.
This was a great experience after being seen by Ted NP in ER.
 Everything was fun and really straight forward from the moment after we arrived.
 I think most would agree that this place was well worth it.
I'm a dental hygienist and I know great service and patient care when I see it.
 I love this hospital and I had the pleasure of seeing Ted NP and nurse Linda who were so compassionate about every aspect of my care.
 Most of the time I think healthcare providers really possess a certain charisma and these two Jax's a great dynamic here.
Nurse Linda and Ted NP were very thorough and made sure I had options and it was more than what I can ask for.
Ted and nurse Vanessa were really good to me and my family from the moment they introduced themselves to the moment he wheeled us out to our car.
The only suggestion I would have is to organize the hallways that look a little messy.
The service and charisma of this place speaks wonders, great experience.
I love Monterey Park hospital especially when I get to see Ted and Nurse Vanessa.
 I love coming here because everyone is fast at checking in for emergencies.
 I know this is the place to be to get the care i deserve.
 Ted Vanessa and Ralph are so great.
Nurse Sylvia Miranda is such a wonderful person.
She has been treating my father with love and compassion.
She is very attentive and cheers him up and makes him smile.
My father has been struggling to get better and her presence is contributing significantly to the improvement of his health.
 Miranda loves her job and treats patients as if they where family.
 I cannot express how grateful I am about the care my father has been receiving from Ms.
 Miranda and the rest of the staff at this hospital.
  Nothing but goodness here at Monterey Park hospital.
I just brought my sister into the ER because she was having chest and left arm pains, and we were very worried that she might be having a mild heart attack.
 The staff was very friendly and helpful, they made sure to keep us updated and calm.
 Mainly Ted he was extremely sweet and friendly.
 His kindness was very appreciated, especially in such a stressful time.
 My sister and I received her results and it was good news, and she was able to be discharged within just a few hours.
 I would like to add that the Radiology Tech Tom was also great when he brought my sister to get her chest X-ray.
 They have a great staff, and we both greatly appreciate all they help.
Came here today because I noticed something strange and was so frightened for my life.
 My girlfriend rushed me over here because she was this nice NP named Ted and much to my luck.
 I have to say that most people had a bias for going to the hospital but this time, my first time, was amazing.
 Ted walked me through everything and was so top notch.
 He made me feel special in a small crowded ER.
 I highly recommend this hospital .
 This is the best place just make sure Ted is here.
Came into the emergency room around 7:20 p.
m and was out of there in less than an hour.
 Ted was super helpful and friendly.
He made me feel super comfortable and did his best to get me the proper care and got me out of there as soon as he could.
I definitely recommend coming to Monterey Park hospital, everyone there is super friendly and provides you with the very best customer service.
This place is so disorganized and staff is horribly unprofessional.
I was told to be here at 6 am for a procedure and wasn't seen until 9:30.
Horrible way to run a business.
No answers from staff just runaround.
Nurses have no clue what any of medications are even when I explained what they are for and mgs used.
Further I expressed several times I was in pain and they refused to give me any pain medicine
This emergency department was class, and it's one of the things get you feel when you get to be seen by Linda and Ted NP.
Ted NP is funny, light hearted and really listened.
He even made small talk with us, with nurse Linda.
I think this is one of the best places to be if you get hurt or sick.
The attention is prompt but never compromised.
I would totally recommend this place, above and beyond.
The hospital is so hard to find, and rather small at first glance, but the service here largely makes up for itt Ted NP and nurse Angela are great at what they do.
 They pulled us from the waiting room and within moments, he got us well on our way.
 I'm a resident myself, so I can appreciate the hard work by the people here.
 Many thanks for the great, personable service.
 I would recommend this place to anyone close by and in need of healthcare services.
Ted and Linda RN knows what's good.
This nurse speaks Chinese and Spanish, where are you going to find that?
They talked to us and made us laugh, really explained everything in detail.
We even got snow flakes stickers.
 Ted NP is a nice guy, and knows how to make light of things.
 Best Hospital in the area, definitely worth the extra commute.
I came to this ER with serious pain from nerve damage and a herniated disk that I've had since 2015 that had recently been reinjured.
 Jeremey Williams he was cold, detached and heartless.
 Jeremey assumes you want narcotics if you are in pain and are coming from out of state.
 Careless and compassionless doctors have no place in medicine.
 Don't come here if you are in pain .
 Don't come here and if you have to come here ask for someone else that has some compassion.
I've lived in the community for the last 30 years and I have to say that I highly recommend Ted and nurse Angela for their care and professionalism.
 With the room spinning, they are sound, meticulous and very friendly.
 Ted make sure I had the right prescription and went over some exercises at home.
 Great care.
 Thanks everyone, especially Ted and nurse Angela.
I haven't posted in a long time, but I'm terribly grateful for how I was treated by the ER at this hospital.
 and especially to Ted, the NP who saw me.
  I'd imagine people who work the graveyard shift are zombies, so it was a surprise to see the staff here so.
  Genuine smiles, and genuine care.
  I didn't feel like they were just trying to get me out the door; efficient, yes, but thorough.
Consider this a public service announcement: if you're in the area, DO NOT HESITATE to get yourself or a loved one to this hospital for medical treatment.
 Mistake number 2 is looking up WebMD of my symptoms telling me I was going to die.
 So I immediately searched on Yelp to check out for the nearest hospital.
 And boy was I lucky to choose this one.
 While walking in half dead because of my stomach pain, a nurse practitioner, Ted saw me right away by seeing how distress I was.
 He really walked me through (literally) and addressed my problem.
 In the end, the solution was simple - I needed to release some gas.
 Thanks for the straight forward answers and not BSing like other hospitals.
 I eat a lot, and sometimes really unhealthy and I need quick answers and results.
 I really appreciate the quick action and service Ted.
 Thanks for not making me wait for hours like that shitty Pomona Valley Hospital.
This place billed $14,000 to my insurance company for a barrage of unnecessary tests.
Ted  NP and RN Angela are very nice and professional to take care of my dad .
I am very appreciated for their help today.
the service was nice and everyone was so great.
I appreciate the service here.
As a nurse myself, I appreciate the service and how they took care of it.
Overall I highly recommend this place.
I came here tonight and saw Dr Ted - he check my son so good and make sure my son is ok.
 I am from China 4 years ago and I appreciate Dr Ted is able to help my son tonight.
 I like this place and it's so close to my home.
 Why must I go somewhere else for such thoughtful care?
 Best care to meet the needs of my family.
 Kind heart and lovely soul.
The moment I get here, the lady checking me in, acts so rude with me.
 Saying I have to pay cash cause it's past midnight and she can't call my insurance or whatever.
 I told her that's never been a problem me.
 It having my insurance card and my info was already in the system she'd know that if she was doing her job.
 Then I'm here for two hours and no one checks me, or ask what's wrong if it hurts.
 Then the doctor comes and says a few words and knows what's wrong without even doing test.
 Sad part is they're not Even busy.
 And the nurses are unprofessional.
Very satisfied with Monterey Park Hospital.
 Right away when i walk in everyone was wonderful.
 The nurses on the  labor and delivery were really helpful with everything, they manage to answer all my questions and the care for my bby and i , thanks to all the rn,s for there time specially MARIA , she kept checking that my bby and i were ok bfore i left.
Dr Ted is a good doctor, really know how to take care of his patients.
I know because when I come here, he make sure everything is ok.
He do blood test and everything and take care of me.
I feel much better now and want to say thank you.
I come here from China, and so lucky to have this doctor speak my language and I can tell he cares about my health.
Me and my husband brought our 3 year old daughter into the er here on May 7th I believe it was because she feel and gashed her head open.
They were very nice and great with our daughter however the dr did not examine her wound very were, and they did not put stitches in they just did medical tape and glue.
They told us that she needs to stay very still for stitches, or it will rip.
She had a follow up with her actual dr a couple days later, and he dr was not happy at all she said that it was very deep and should have had sticks no matter what even if they would have to knock her out for it so she would be still.
 Her dr ended up sending her to another hospital to clean it up and look at it just because she did not have the proper Equipment
Dr Ted is one of the best doctors in the world.
My son Alexander has seen different doctor and Dr Ted is the most patient, nice and professional doctor.
His professionalism make my life so easier because when my son was sick, I couldn't even sleep at night, but with Dr Ted's professional proscription and recommendation, he gets well a lot faster than I expected.
I can not stress it enough how welcomed I felt here.
 I've been here many times before but this time my nurse was Ted.
 He was great.
 Made me feel like I was at home.
 He helped me get the best treatment.
 He even took a picture with me to make me feel better.
 Thank you for the fast & easy process .
Came to the ER the other night, saw Ted, was asked to follow up and then today at an urgent care in Alhambra, I saw Ted again.
 It was great seeing him for both visits of my care.
 He's really nice and definitely always in a good mood.
 Going to the ER is never easy, but he made me feel so welcomed.
A couple of days ago I split my chin open and everyone was super cool about it.
 The male nurse who did my stitches was the nicest guy I've ever met.
 He even started playing one of my favorite songs during the process.
I live a very busy life filled with work.
 It's so difficult fitting in appointments in my tight schedule so I HATE getting sick.
 However, I caught something from the weather changes and couldn't get into any appointments with my usual doctor.
 My sister recommended the ER since it was getting late, so I decided to give this place a chance.
 I was completely dreading this, but Monterey Park ER was a pleasant surprise.
 I was first greeted by Ted and he was so friendly and professional.
 I didn't feel rushed or anything, he was very thorough.
 The nurse, Lynh, was so upbeat, which was so nice since I felt horrible and ill.
Overall, great experience.
I loved it here best care I've gotten in a long time.
They treated me with upmost care.
I was transferred here from Cedars due to going into anaphylactic shock.
The nurses were professional and nice.
The room was small but I can't complain.
I was only here for two days but liked it.
This is the worst hospital ever.
I went here because it's close to my home.
Went in with really bad chest pain I couldn't catch my breath I asked for an X-ray and they said it was not necessary.
That I don't need the radiation two days later thankfully decided to go to an urgent care.
With a pa that saw me they did an X-ray turns out I have pneumonia.
Stupid pas and nurses at this hospital playing with ppls loves because they are lazy and don't want to have to go through ordering X-rays.
They even diagnosed me with acute bronchitis with no X-rays no blood work no anything.
Small well appointed hospital.
The staff are friendly, professional & caring.
The facilities are clean, modern & well maintained.
It's always a daunting proposition, a hospital visit and I found the experience was made easier by the care & good service I received here.
 I was just in I explained all my symptoms to the dr which is no dr at all NP to be exact even though they call him DR.
 I explained all my symptoms.
 Explained all my medications and I was still prescribed something I wasn't supposed to be subscribed.
 I'm so upset and getting ready to file something I suffer from irregular heart beat so why would he give me something that could terminally affect me.
 This is terrible I worry because things like this should not be happening you go in the ER to get better not to just rush u out and could have potentially put u in worse trouble.
 Very sad and disappointed.
I accompanied my friend to the Monterey Park ER on 06/25/16 and we had a very pleasurable experience from the moment we waked in through the door until we were discharged.
We were helped by a Rep named Edwin.
This dude was really funny and had a real cool and laid back attitude, which was refreshing in an ER setting.
The female rep that was with him, I think her name was Jessica, was also really sweet to us.
After they took my friend's vitals, we were escorted to a bed and were greeted by a nurse named Sally.
She has to be one of the nicest and patient nurses I've ever come across in my life.
We were shortly discharged after we saw the doctor.
I'm still amazed on how fast and friendly everyone in the ER was.
I will definitely recommend this ER to all my friends and family.
The service at Monterey Park Hospital ER is great.
I went in as a patient myself the other day and felt very comforted with the friendly staff and prompt service.
I was seen in the little triage area within a matter of minutes.
I was directed to a waiting area where I was kindly greeted and examined by Ted, NP.
 Ted was very professional and thorough with his assessment and talked me through everything he did.
 He was a very personable and made me feel comfortable during my visit.
The three times my daughter and I have been here was horrible, they seem so annoyed with us when we come in and tell us to see our primary Doctor as if we knew the emergency was going to happen those days.
 Went in today with a cracked rib and the doctor was acting like he was doing m a favor by seeing me like it's not his damn job he makes hundreds of thousands of dollars to do each year.
Then prescribed me some Motrin for the unbearable pain although I told him I already have that and it wasn't helping.
Oh yeah I can't forget about the time one of the male nurses squeezed the meds out of an IV into my boyfriends vein to speed up the process.
Didn't even finish with my registration when Ted the PA was already attending to my daughter's needs.
Great staff very professional.
If ever needed I'm definitely coming again.
Shout to RN Guillermo if I'm not mistaken
This is a fairly small hospital compared to the large establishments out there, but the service has repeatedly been exceptional and above the ordinary.
Ted is without a doubt the guy you want to see if you are ever in the ER.
You can tell he likes what he does and enjoys making people laugh and feel comfortable.
He even gave me a shopping list of things to feel better.
Thank you Monterey Park Hospital and Ted for the exceptional service and care.
Had to bring my friend to the ER last week.
Service was great, and the provider was thorough.
He stopped by throughout the visit.
Ted explained everything in detail and offered us a work note, and copies of our results.
Much better than any previous ER experiences Ive had.
I read all these reviews about this and was pretty excited to see what type of care it would be.
 I came in with my special guy, and he cut himself from making pho at home.
 We were treated so quick and everyone here was just so friendly.
 The doctor with glasses came by, greeted us and then walked away.
 Then we met a friendly doctor named Ted.
 Ted was professional, kind, and really funny.
 He taught us how to care for his hand and offered to even give us some extra band-aids.
 The nurse was nice too, he gave us some extra antibiotic ointment.
 The place looked busy and we didn't get a bed, but the service was great and we got to meet some friendly neighborhood folks.
 thanks Ted and the staff of MPH for taking care of us.
Drove here after finding it online and very happy with service.
 Ted is very fast and and provides good care.
 He took a lot of time to explain each medication.
 He speaks Chinese very well, and is very genuine.
 Very lucky to meet Ted.
 He is such a amazing friendly provider I've met.
I want to start off by saying this team did a great job; to get my newborn son back on track after being a little sick for a couple of days.
 They are very friendly here.
 their nurses get passed their job to accommodate you.
 Always making sure everything is okay and keeping a friendly conversation.
 I want to thank Juan, Iiana , Iliana, Allen, Jennete, Dr Wjay, and all the other nurses who helped out.
 Hope you guys injoyied the pie.
A gem of a hospital.
 now i know this is not what you would typically hear one say about a hospital.
 I was in the hospital for 9 days and they place a high importance  on patient care.
 EVERYONE from the nurses to the nursing assistants, phlebotomist, xray techs, to respiratory and even the administration staff.
 The Director of Nursing even comes to your room to visit the patients to see if there was anything that they can do to make you nore comfortable.
 The care i received was PHENOMENAL.
 It is like getting the Ritz Carlton level of service.
My 8 year old had a high fever and cough I decided to give this ER a try since it was in the way home .
 Finding the ER entrance was a bit confusing I eventually found it .
 Check in process was very fast and the wait time was probably less than 10 minutes.
 Ted introduce himself , he was kind and very professional .
 He checked my son and told me he had a virus .
 The nurses were all very kind and professional as well .
 They gave my son a little something for his fever and cough .
 The nurses told my son to make sure he drank plenty of water and to rest as much as possible.
 This has been the best ER experience I've had .
 The team seem to really care for my son and all the patients they had .
Don't bring your family here for surgery.
 They don't give you updates of your family member and they won't allow you to see them post op, & just sit there and wait.
Everyone has bad daysIt's impossible to get it right all the timeBut there are some services that cannot afford to get it wrongNot even onceMonterey Park Hospital didn't get it right during one occasion for me and that's enough to prompt me to go somewhere else.
It was pretty bad so I needed to get care; but it was late.
My friend told me to come here, so we did.
I work in a radiology diagnostic center, so I know decent care when I see it, the service here was nice and friendly, and the doctor was hilarious.
His name was Ted and  he was so cheerful, I feel like I got a mood stabilizer talking to hims He even offered me a work note, but I'm glad I'm starting to feel better now.
I was having a lot of pain in one of my ears that kept getting worse and worse, so one of my friends recommended that I come here to get it looked at.
I was helped by Ted, who was extremely knowledgeable and kind.
 He diagnosed me with an ear infection and prescribed me with antibiotic ear drops which knocked out my infection very quickly.
 While I was there, I also had some questions about a couple medications that I am currently taking for other conditions.
 Ted was very helpful in answering all of my questions, and he even recommended some alternate prescriptions that have less negative side effects.
 I am so glad that I came to Monterey Park Hospital.
I have been in the hospital for about 5 days now and I am pleased with their service.
 There nurses are so caring and understanding.
 I like how they try to help me with my newborn at all times.
 Very good hospital.
I have decided to amend my review and give MPH 4 stars because of the professional and prompt manner in which the Director of Admission, Anthony, and Jeanette G.
Business & Customer Service, addressed my concerns/complaints regarding my experience in the ER last night.
The hospital has been very responsive.
I appreciate it and this has somewhat changed my mind I that may consider MPH's ER in the future.
I will chalk up last night's experience as an anomaly.
I also want to add that there should be no blame on any of the ER nurses, especially Paloma.
She was always polite, courteous and professional during my 4+ hours of waiting.
I understand the interminable wait that I had to endure was beyond her control.
I cut my hand bc i was cleaning the window and it broke on me.
I was bleeding and the pain was really unbearable.
He took me in made me feel real comfortable.
Numbed my wounds and stitched me up.
he was very thoughtful and it was amazing that i was in and out of there in less than 30 my first time ever thanks TED.
My stitches are healing up nice.
This is the WORST hospital ever.
They are releasing a non-ambulatory fall risk patient.
They have no concern for the well being and safety of the patients whatsoever.
They have done NOTHING to correct the medical condition of the patient and offer NO solution.
I will NEVER recommend this hospital to anyone.
I hate going to the hospital, specially the emergency room- but, this time it was the opposite.
 I was extremely well taken care of by the nurses; specially Jessica Z.
 They made it very pleasurable and comforting being here and helped with everything that was at their power.
 It is a very small hospital but maintained very clean.
Great people, came in with a broken Ankle, within an hour I was out with a cast, and x-rays done.
Very friendly, Ted is awesome.
Thanks to everyone of the staff as well.
Great service, I brought my second brother in at 2 am for emergency (but he wasn't that bad) and waited for only about 15 min.
 then was called in and was set up for everything; blood test, IV, and nurses were super nice and caring.
Got really sick visiting from out of town and had to go to the ER on a saturday.
The staff was very friendly and they got me in to see the Dr and back out quickly.
I came here tonight after getting a dog bite from my dad's friend's dog.
 I know, it sounds like a long story but I was really feeling bad.
 I thought that there would be a long wait.
 I was greeted by a friendly nurse.
 I didn't catch his name though.
 I was treated for my dog bite by this friendly doctor who goes by Ted.
 It was funny, because he smiles a lot.
 He is like a disney character of doctors.
 You just never know who you are going to meet.
The nurse was nice too, she was quick and told me that I should ask my friends for sympathy.
I thought she was hilarious.
I thought that this was going to be a hard, painful experience.
However the doctor Ted and the nurses here made everything really fun.
He even gave me a prescription for medicine.
Great service.
To start of the ER was great, there nurses, the doctor attending my dad.
I couldn't believe how quick my dad got admitted to the hospital.
then when they took him to his room nurse Liz/Elizabeth Hernandez  was great with him all nurses were great.
Why am I allergic to my own pets?
The other day I had a rough night where my allergies and sinuses just got blown up.
It was just ridiculous, every step or breath I took in my house, it triggered a bad sneeze attack that goes on for hours on end.
So my sister, who's a nurse for Kaiser.
Was worried I was having a bad reaction to my cat Fluffy.
So I came here the other night and it was just a mad house.
 I thought I was going to have to wait a long time, but surprisingly I was in and out within 25 minutes.
 The doctor was Ted, and he was just smiling the entire time.
 I told him I was dying from allergies, and he smiled and reassured me that he would give me some injections to make it better.
 The nurse Linda was great, so friendly and quick.
 I didn't know how hospitals work, but Ted and Linda were really great.
 Thanks Ted and Linda for being so kind to me, and sorry I sneezed on you Dr Ted.
 You can tell he's a nice guy, cause when I sneezed on him.
 He came back and offered me a tissue.
 I was visiting a friend from out of town and he wasn't feeling too good, so we decided to stop by here.
 The reviews here are decent so we figured why not.
 We came here and was seen in a matter of minutes.
 It was quite quick, my friend was in a lot of pain but the doctor was pretty upbeat about it.
 His name was Ted, and he was great.
 We were in and out in less than an hour and the nurses here were great.
 The nurse was cool, didn't say much but he signed us out with a joke.
 Overall, it was a great experience here.
 In glad my friend liked it.
 I wish this guy was working up north too.
Came in for an MRI for my mom's shoulder.
 Received great service.
 The MRI tech was very kind and patient with her.
 Made the potentially difficult experience easy for her.
My grandfather often went to ERs and they have always been nerve racking and depressing.
 We came to Monterey Park this time and the staff made the usual process so much more personable.
Ted's bedside manner was great and my grandfather enjoyed having a conversation with someone able to speak his language.
Having such a friendly atmosphere made the process so much less daunting.
The hospital was very clean and orderly and we left feeling positive and confident.
Next time we have to go to the ER we'll be coming here.
We took our child to the ER and as soon as we pulled up in our car, one of the ER staff outside asked what was wrong.
 It was probably because it was Christmas morning, but there was only one other patient in the ER.
He answered all of our questions.
The nurses were friendly and seemed genuinely concerned about our child.
As a parent, it's reassuring to know that this ER is close by and provides good care.
Extremely happy with the service provided by this hospitals labor and Delivery unit Dr Kevin Daneshgar is an exceptional doctor .
The nursing staff is amazing  my nurse on my first day after surgery was Karla soto from the moment she came in the room she had a Colgate smile in her face that just makes u feel welcomed she gave me exceptional care and thanks to her attentiveness and encouragement  and her hands on I was able to breastfeed my baby girl words can't explain how grateful I am .
 She made us feel right at home with so much hospitaliy for a moment u could forget u were in a hospital, in my mind I would have never come here to monterrey park.
 Hospital but now I am extremely glad I did and would recommend it to my friends and family sometimes it just takes one smile to go a long way and for me it was Karla soto who made these last days pleasant ones despite all the pain I've been in thank you.
All the staff is  amazing from nurses doctors cleaning staff all around even the volunteers .
If I ever have another  baby  Monterey park hospital will be my number one choice I am one HAPPY MOM THANK YOU.
I had my baby delivered there, and that was a memorial experience.
All stuff were helpful especially those ones who helped to nurse my baby because I am a brand new mom.
I will come again if I had my second child.
Smells like the hospital room in Rosarito lol, came out alive and feeling well, based on all these reviews about this ted doctor i was excited to come here myself.
 I met alot of extremely friendly and very personable female and male nurses, they love what they do and do it with a passion.
 Right away he was able to tell me what was wrong with a few other nurses.
 they prescribed me medication and even gave me a ice pack.
 they even check up on me after the whole treatment was over to see if i was able to drive.
 I didnt drive there so the kinda nurses asked around to see if the hospital offer a car service.
 i was suppose to pay my co payment but never brought cash or credit card, so they were nice enough to just bill me later.
 You guys made me feel better the minute i step in.
 every hospital should be like this one.
 shame on you arcadia methodist, i found my new favorite now.
I have a long history with the hospital, from family members, to my own admissions, to having friends work here, HMH and I go back a long way.
 It's a good hospital with good people and good care.
 I am not a very patient person and asking me to wait in a hospital for any reason is like nails on a chalkboard, but that has nothing to do with the staff or structure of the establishment, it's just me.
 The cafeteria has great food.
 The gift shop has a good selection and the lobby on the main floor is gorgeous.
 There is a Starbucks inside, which makes things very convenient.
 My first impression when I visited my cousin who gave birth few years ago.
 With valet parking and all it sure feels like a hotel.
 Very clean and well kept hospital.
 The lobby is just beautiful with lots of chairs,sofas, tables and plants.
 Friendly staff and nurses.
 Been here couple of times visiting the maternity section.
 Looks like my cousins and friends love giving birth here.
 There's even a Starbucks inside the hospital and a great gift shop.
 I have heard many good things about the doctors and the nurses of this hospital.
 Keep up the great work.
 Til I visit again to meet a new family member.
Unfortunately, it is with a heavy heart that I write this review.
 Me, myself being a registered nurse.
 Healthcare has to do better to provide a better patient experience for the money that we dish out for health insurance.
 I arrived at Huntington ER front desk clerk very friendly, I then went in to have my daughter triaged.
 I believe the nurse was Hannah, she was wonderful.
 She interacted with my daughter very appropriate, her kindness kept my daughter mind off her symptoms.
 We were asked to go back to waiting room.
 Finally, went in to be seen by MD (3 chairs) in the corner with a curtain.
 I totally felt like I was having alterations done on some clothing.
 We were asked to return to waiting room.
 Transporter arrived to walk us to CT, nice experience.
 We were placed back in waiting room for another hour, nurses did come around to offer blankets (very nice).
 After sitting for an hour, I asked front desk how much longer to go to back, they told me not much  longer.
 Finally, we were called to go to back.
 However, we were placed in a cold interior waitIng room.
 I had to ask for blankets.
 PA arriived  gave me results, informed me  that paperwork would be ready in a minute.
Nurse/ billing arrived 20 minutes to take me to a room that had a bed.
I refused VS, I was just ready to sign out.
HOWEVER, billing clerk NOW wants to gather information after I have been WAITING all that time.
She said she needed address, then needed to run the insurance NOW.
I just handed insurance card and license to clerk and told her I would come back for them later.
I was so upset, I have been waiting alll that tIme, I'm sure someone could have obtain billing information.
We have to do better.
Just a terrible experience.
Everything about Huntington Hospital has surpassed my expectations.
I have always lost faith in the American medical with the ridiculous high cost and the lack of quality care.
However, HH has restored my faith and that high quality care with affordable cost is possible.
From the moment I stepped foot into the facility, I knew it was the right choice to deliver my first baby here.
The main entrance of the hospital gives a hotel feel.
Front desk is available to better assist on your needs.
I can't stop raveling at the professionalism and also the extremely experiences doctors and nurses on staff.
On top of that they are very friendly and were always there to address my concerns and gave me reassurance on what I need to do to become a better mother.
Being a new mom is so overwhelming.
I'm glad there are plenty of resources at HH.
Aside from delivering here, I also took infant care, breastfeeding, and child delivery 101 classes here.
The info provided was very useful and I was glad I decided to take those classes even though I was told they were not useful.
It was actually not the case.
On the day of my delivery and through my 3 day stay at the hospital, I was impressed with the treatment and care of the staff.
In addition, they were very attentive and checked on us quite frequently.
They understood we were new parents and were very patient to give us advice on how to take care of our little one.
I'm glad there were no complications during my delivery.
It took me 4 hours to deliver but in the end I was welcomed with a perfectly healthy son.
The staff was very patient and did a great job in guiding me through my labor.
I highly recommend everyone to come to HH for any medical procedures.
You won't go wrong and will be rest assured you made the right decision.
This review is specific to both the trauma portion of the ER and the Stroke Center portion of Huntington Hospital.
I am not sure I can even truly or adequately put into words the caliber or quality of care experienced.
My dad was recently admitted into the ER for a stroke and immediately transported to the trauma unit where Myra and a team of incredible medical professionals quickly attained to him.
It took them 15 minutes to do what it took another local hospital 5 days to do just one year previous when my dad suffered his first stroke.
Upon entry to the Stroke Unit we met incredible staff including a person named Jennifer (pca)who harkened back my memory to the days of the Huntington Hospital I grew up knowing.
One I though might had been a memory and now was back in full force.
No question it has always been good, but it has also been great.
Jennifer is light when there is a shadow and hope when there is despair.
She brought comfort not only to the patient but to our entire family.
She so meticulously and respectfully worked with us and my father.
Our Neurologist and the student doctor assisting her were also impressive.
From the roaming violinist who played Ave Maria to the kind touches of warm tea when needed, everyone cared.
This is the Huntington I visited as a young child so many times with my family.
The one that went above and beyond and believed excellence existed at every level.
Thank you could never justly acknowledge our gratitude.
Came in Sunday morning for chest pains and shortness of breath.
Woke up monday night full psychosis mode with restraints on both hands.
No recollection of that happened in between.
Discharged Wednesday with random bruises all over body.
Huntington Hospital is a beautiful hospital from the outside.
I have been here a few times.
Staff are friendly.
The decor is a little dated based on how the outside looks.
Recently came for my sons procedure and everything went well.
The nurses were really nice and playful before he went in.
I give them a 2 because they charge patients to park at their facilities.
It makes no sense to me that you would not comp patients parking.
Visitors fine, but patients are there to get cared for and making them pay $6 to park is ridiculous.
Kaiser BP and Arcadia Methodist give free parking to everyone.
My wife had an out patient procedure yesterday at Huntington Hospital.
She is a cancer survivor so the lead up to the procedure was a time of anxiety for her.
I must say that her anxiety was relieved by the attention from staff and the health care professionals that we interacted with in the 4 hours we were there.
From Adrian in the Admitting Office to the nurse, Kaley, who attended to and prepared my wife for the procedure and to Angela who tended to her recovery needs, we were thoroughly satisfied and pleased with the care and attention provided to us.
We were equally impressed with the volunteers, Alice and Maria, who wheeled her to the main lobby for discharge.
These two volunteers were happy and may have contributed to my wife enrolling as a volunteer herself at this hospital.
Our sincere appreciation goes out to the management and staff of this hospital for providing a most positive experience for us.
My wife was 100% satisfied and grateful for the customer services provided to her at a very stressful moment.
I'm just really disappointed and frustrated how these hospitals operate and how heartless some of these doctors are.
 Not to mention most of our maternity bills will be paid out of our own pocket and this is treatment we got.
 With that being said, most of the nurses and staff that helped us were very friendly, knowledgeable and understanding of our situation and I really appreciate that.
One star is to many my mom went to emergency she was really ill but it seems that this hospital they prioritized private insurance patients comes first or if you look like you have money they help you first.
My mom got tranfer from another Hospital and the next day my mom had the same night gowm all bloody and she was discharge the same day with the iv needle still on her arm.
No HIPPA Privacy eatherIt was just a horrible experience we felt descriminated by all the staff at Huntington.
I am in the waiting room in the emergency room right now and there are 2 women behind the desk at check In, Just gossiping and and being rude and short to people.
We arrived at 4 and since then I have witnessed them being so rude to the patients and one patient even asked to speak to the supervisor and has not yet been able to speak with anyone they are just making her wait.
This is the lost terrible patient care I have ever seen, the Los Angeles county hospital has better hospitality than this hospital does.
I hope my grandmother gets moved to Kaiser  her nurse is terrible as well do not want her to stay here.
Huntington Hospital has the WORST billing practice and billing department of any hospital I've worked with in the past 20 years.
Expect them to lose your billing information or bill, pretend to submit your bill to insurance without doing so, screw up your billing insurance processing, give your insurance the run around, lie about submitting the bill to your insurance multiple times, lie to you about the status of your bill in the billing process, act rudely and condescending to you when you call in about the bill.
I've been struggling and fighting with Huntington Hospital's billing department for 6+ months about submitting my hospital bill to insurance so I can pay it using FSA, its already January and the FSA cutoff is almost up.
 Just got off my 20th call between the hospital and insurance, billing submission to insurance is still not resolved.
I give this hospital one star as a reflection on how bad the treatment was.
 I came into the hospital with severe stomach cramping and pain and I left with the same.
My nurse was rude and condescending and told the doctor I was refusing treatment when in fact that was not the case.
The doctor was just as rude and I will be filing a complaint with the medical board
 I had extreme internal pain from my lower back that flared up more when I urinated.
 Dr Flores ran a few tests including an ultrasound and CT scan, and determined I just had muscle pain.
 I felt this diagnosis was wrong and asked him to reevaluate and he said the tests showed nothing so all it was muscle pain and just prescribed pain medication.
I did a follow up appointment with my personal doctor who also works at Huntington and she was able to access all my test that were run that night.
 She immediately saw they did not run the right tests, the CT scan was missing a test and looking through the system it was never ordered.
 She said that missing test would of shown Kidney stones, and with all my symptoms that test should of been ordered.
 She ran a small test with me and it turns out it showed strong evidence of kidney stones.
 She advocated on my behalf to the medical director about the missing test and misdiagnosis and the director dismissed it.
I filed a complaint in regards to the CT scan that was ordered did not do all the tests needed for my diagnosis, and it was dismissed as well.
For the misdiagnosis visit I was charged 25k for that 6 hour ER visit, after insurance it was 1800.
The billing department was very helpful in setting up a payment plan and helping me file a complaint, but in the end the complaint did nothing and I am still paying off the 1800 for wrong diagnosis.
My personal doctor works at Huntington and she is wonderful.
But, I would be wary of the ER, and the medical director.
I would avoid going here for ER medical treatment when possible because it's just a matter of luck what doctor you get in the ER.
You have to pay for parking and there is no street parking anywhere nearby.
First 15 minutes is free which is only enough time to find parking and walk to the front entrance and then each additional 15 minutes is $1.
Every nurse give different instruction on discharged day.
Hospital gave me same day mandatory to purchase a wheelchair before they allow my dad to leave the hospital.
One nurse would said not mandatory, only recommended and when we arrive to pickup, they make us have a wheelchair before letting my dad go.
So at 6pm, we have to scrabble to find a wheelchair the same day.
Had a great experience at Huntington Hospital for the delivery of my first baby.
The Maternity and Labor & Delivery staff were all amazing.
The admission process was so smooth, easy, and fast; I was in my room upon checking in, in what felt like less than 10 minutes.
Everyone, especially my nurses were all so friendly, warm, compassionate, and attentive.
I felt very well taken care of during my L&D stay.
My nurses (Trisha, Ester, Cynthia) were so lovely and caring, (sorry if I forgot the names of my other nurses who also took excellent care of me).
During my Maternity Unit stay, my nurses were more than exceptional (Kim, Janelle, Susy, Marianne, Adriana).
They were always so patient and kind.
They never hesitated and would always jump in to help me with my difficult breastfeeding process, no matter how busy they were or what time it was.
The Lactation Nurses were extremely knowledgeable and helpful, it was amazing to get one-on-one services from them.
All the PCAs were sweet and attentive.
And I loved the positive energy, enthusiasm, and kindness of Evangeline from housekeeping; I hope she gets the recognition she deserves for all her hard work as well.
And I can't say enough about my OB Doctor, Dr Matsuda; he provided stellar care for me throughout my pregnancy, delivery, and post-partum care, that words cannot thank him enough.
My mom got transferred to this hospital for physical therapy and while she was here the nurses and staff were horrible.
She only got therapy 2 out of the 6 days she was here.
The nurses took her off of house meals and never told my mom to order and she went without food till the afternoon when I got there.
And when she was finally discharged it took 2 hours to have someone with a wheelchair to take her outside when they said it would be 5 mintues.
We only had 3 nurses that did their jobs properly with care and attention.
Outpatient surgery for hernia repair that turned into over night stay as my respiratory functions needed to be monitored due to carbon dioxide having to be inserted for an X-Ray to look for a chipped piece from robotic hand that was never found, (no piece of mind).
The robotic hand grip was discovered missing once inside of me.
The carbon dioxide got underneath my skin which could cause issues with respiratory functions, reason for overnight stay.
Upon arriving to my room it was untidy.
Bathroom had soiled bedding and other items that smelled bloody.
The sink wasn't  clean nor was the toilet seat.
I wasn't given the necessary items for an unexpected overnight stay until I asked for them the following morning.
This hospital has not taken responsibility for their inadequate care and services.
I complained in part because the claim includes radiology services that and I feel should not be my responsibility due to their error for not properly checking surgical instruments prior to surgery.
Patient Relations stating they have educated staff, really.
But that since the whole claim was part of case rate, more like Error Rate.
Upon check in I asked another patient if she had ever had surgical services here before and she said she recommends that I ask for a scrub down prior to leaving  hospital, I now know what she meant.
I hope I never have to use this facility again.
Ok so all these bad reviews come on for God sakes this is the best hospital ever, I had the most awesome team of doctors and nurses specially Mora Dr jessica and Dr ashfaq they were amazing i loved this hospital and would recommend everyone, I love you all beautiful people thank you for taking care of my wife and my child.
It took me 2 hours to talk her into going into the hospital just so that they can turn her away.
When she got home she just started yelling someone is trying to kill her and is still talking to herself.
I am in disbelief that they would be so careless and negligent with her.
Had my first experience at Huntington hospital two weeks ago when I pre-registered for my hip surgery which was one week ago.
I live in Ventura and was worried about being so far away from home but I was so pleasantly surprised as to how friendly, courteous, efficient, genuine, kind, and caring everyone we encounter at Huntington hospital was.
From the admission clerks to the phlebotomist, to the guy opening the door at the front, to all of the nurses doctors and all of the rest of the staff; everyone made me feel like I was their number one patient.
My surgery was an arthroscopic hip surgery which is outpatient and normally done at my doctor's clinic but I insisted on being in the hospital because I have a rare heart condition and was worried about being put under.
All of the nurses took their time and were very patient while i explained all of my concerns; including, the anesthesiologist, Dr Stevens i believe, who I was particularly informative with and told him all of my fears.
 He chitchatted w me like we were old pals;  was very kind and sweet and assured me that he would take great care of me, which he did.
My doctor, Dr  Timothy Jackson, of Congress Medical, is also very awesome, sweet, kind, thorough, and is never in a hurry.
 He never rushes me through an appointment and always make sure he answers all of my questions.
I need to return after summer to do my right hip and will have no issues being so far from home as I know they'll take great care of me again.
I am a cardiac patient they took my blood pressure 2 hours ago and was 160/100 have a fractured foot could have DVT was sent over from Huntington Orthopedics have been sitting waiting for 3 hours have diarrhea and vomiting and can't get any medication for cramps in my legs nausea etc until I've been seen by the doctor or am in a bed.
I am so sick I have to sit outside as people are coughing and puking in the waiting room and no one is wearing masks.
I can't leave and find another ER too sick to drive.
WTF is wrong with these assholes how much training or no training?
We're coming close to four hours still apparently 3 people in front of me.
When I arrived this morning there were less than 6 people waiting no one looks too sick where as while I'm sitting outside everyone who passes me asks if I'm Okay?
So to end up after around 10 hours hanging around the ER the nicest nurses and thank you Dr Ulick for the anti inflammatory.
Maybe I will get the relief from the pain that has stretched over 2 months and counting.
Thank you Huntington Hospital ER for haven to sit in the garden for 3 hours just went to the doctor she gasped and asked what bit me I told her I didn't know as it could have been any I was so sick the devil could have jumped up and bit me and I wouldn't have known
The absolute worst and disappointing ER.
How is it that four hospital personnel are hanging out talking and laughing for more that fifteen minutes while patients sit waiting?
 Front desk manner is minimal at best- and let's not talk about the disgusting bathrooms.
 Unattended and filthy.
Best treatment I've ever received.
 From staff, to accommodations, to quality of care they are the best in he business.
 If you're near Hoag, it's worth the 40 minute drive to get better treatment.
 Hoag is a shanty that treats patients like dung.
 Starting with the old front desk.
 Not at Huntington.
 They care and save lives.
 I'd never be treated at Huntington like I was at Hoag.
 But then again Hoag is now a homeless shelter in their lobby and treats the vagrants better than their ill hospitalized patients.
 Huntington is the best of the best.
 You will be treated like family.
 Both men and women are equally strong staff.
 I love Huntington's dedication to treatment, kindness and survival.
 At Hoag I could drop like a fly and get carted off into the hallway   Do not, I repeat, do not go to Hoag.
 Huntington is the only choice for health and happiness and safety and cleanliness and care.
I recently visited the Er at the Huntington Hospital and I was in complete shock I took my husband there because he was having groin pain and I was not happy we say a lady that helped us but her shift was over so it got transferred into Jorge Flores hands he came in to give us our results and he literally said one sentence he didn't explain anything and just was like okay and left the room I am so sad that I didn't get the nurse name because he was very helpful he came in and I told him that the doctor didn't explain anything and he sat down and explained everything to us I believe his name is martin he was amazing he gave us a medicine schedule and drew it out and everything.
 But on the other hand I would never want to see doctor Flores again .
The worst nurses I have ever seen.
 Out of the 20 nurses not one had good bedside manners or made us feel welcomed or comfortable.
 Dr S were amazing, but WOW the nurses were unbelievably bad.
Huntington Hospital is one of the most beautiful hospitals that I have ever been to.
Not only as a patient was my experience amazing, but the service that was provided to my family as my visitors was also fantastic.
Every once in a while, on the weekend, I have noticed that there is a live harpist in their lobby.
Where do you find such a thing these days?
I thought that was absolutely remarkable.
You could grab your Starbucks from the local Starbucks outlet just next to the cafeteria on the ground floor, and you can enjoy the natural light that comes beaming through the windows into the lobby while you listen to the live harpist.
Parking is plentiful, but will cost you.
 HMH ER has always delivered exceptional service and care to my family and I  was seen immediately.
 Triage staff was great & didn't wait longer than 5 minutes based on my son's visible appearance of allergic reaction.
 I brought my little one for inflammatory infection that's took over his whole body.
 I was nervous scared & overwhelmed.
 As a nursing student, I knew the extremity of what was happening to him.
As a mother, you want the best care and that's what Jennifer and Dr  Ashley did.
They did their routine check's every haft an hour.
Gave him med's immediately.
They made everyone including my son comfortable & most important I trust their care.
I trusted them with my son.
Thank you so much for going above and beyond for me & my family Jennifer and PA/ Ashley Cadondon.
These two rocked.
 Also, bedside manner was great.
 Knowledgable.
 Skilled.
 Explained procedure & anything/everything before they did it.
 Communicated well.
 Operational work, functions properly.
 In order as needed.
 Facility: clean, state of the art, new remodeled building.
 Not so good: Only thing I felt could have been handled better was the phlebotomist, Johnathan.
 He did not acknowledge my son but checked ID bracelet.
 Drawing blood is terrifying for anyone & my son didn't cry once @ all during process.
 But, as a professional in medical field that's one thing regardless of age, you should do.
 Most ppl don't know exactly what's happening but as a nursing student I know.
 It's terrifying for an adult let alone a child.
 The staff is top notch.
 One  thing I noticed was, it was extremely quiet in the ER unit, it's never quiet like that @ other hospitals I've been @.
 It's keeps everyone's moral stable and comfortable.
 Bathroom clean.
Admission lady: not sure her name (older, olive colored lady hair up & glasses) but she was lovely.
 Yes, every hospital visit you see admission where she collects insurance & payment.
I was making a call & she simply said we'll handle this a lil later.
She respected that moment & kindly excused herself.
As anyone doesn't want a pushy lady asking for payment and such during a stressful time.
Wonder why the low reviews :/ everyone that helped me with my care was compassionate.
I will most def recommend this hospital to anyone.
The wait was excruciating and very long.
Front desk staff were a little rude; however, the physicians there are very knowledgeable and are willing to spend the extra time with you.
When it comes to your health, I don't want to feel like just a number but a patient.
I've been associated with this hospital in various ways.
I will speak solely from the perspective as a patient here.
Specifically, I came here to get imaging done several times in the past several years.
This hospital is modern, clean, and well run.
The minute you walk in, you will notice the warmth of the staff, and how impeccable the place is.
The day to day operations are well-organized, and the wait is not as long as other hospitals.
The imaging center is located in the center of campus, and parking is about $4 with validation.
If you're here to get imaging, expect it to take about 30 minutes.
Getting an MRI here is pretty sweet.
While I waited the 20 minutes of scanning, they played Pandora.
It definitely helped me stay still during the scan.
From other points of view (sending patients here to get some tests done), the staff is professional, efficient, and timely in their delivery of test results.
 I would recommend them if you are in Pasadena or in the nearby areas.
My wife was brought to this hospital because she drink too much at the Rose Bowl.
They brought her by ambulance.
 Somehow all of her insurance and name did not go with her.
 They decided to list her as Jane Doe.
 I am on the emergency side for 45 minutes unable to find her.
 Finally one of the nurses went to the back of the hospital and found her.
 I don't understand why you wouldn't tell emergency they have a Jane Doe in case somebody comes in.
 20 minutes after sitting with her somebody came in to do a CAT scan on her.
 There was absolutely no reason for a CAT scan for a woman who drank too much.
 During the 20 minutes the doctor never came by to ask me any questions.
 Apparently the fire department dropped the ball on transferring the information.
 Apparently they have a habit of doing that.
 It was so easy to smell that she drank too much.
 I have a bill for testing her urine and all kinds of things that never could've happened with an unconscious person.
 This place is a scam.
 I'm glad I got there when I did because the bills already $1700 because they refuse to except my insurance information.
 I'm letting the insurance company fight it out with them.
 I am disputing most of the bill that could not possibly have happened.
 I have had 34 surgeries and I'm very knowledgeable about hospitals.
 The staff did a good job with the exception of trying to jack up the bill.
 I contacted several people about my bills which keep coming with no revision of charges that never happened.
 What are you going to do so this Jane Dough never happens again?
I have my insurance company taking care of the bills.
The emergency staff is friendly and calls patients back quickly.
I guess the only critique I have is that the vending machine wasn't working.
But really everyone was professional and also nice, instead of treating patients like just a number or a statistic seemed to actually listen.
Well they weren't concerned with my comfort or healing.
They did get me in quickly.
But I had to request saline (after telling them I had been throwing up violently all night and couldn't even keep water down).
They gave me an anti-nausea, so that was good.
My body was aching everywhere so I asked for a painkiller and they gave me Motrin.
 I hope there's not another time but if there is, I'm going somewhere else.
 Do not treat Patients with medi-cal any different than private insurance holders.
 Extremely rude nasty staff.
 People have every right to be there.
I've been sitting in the ER waiting room for over 7 1/2 hours tonight with terrible pains.
Had I known it would be this long I would have gone to other hospitals.
I'll never come to this ER again unless I was brought in by an ambulance.
My mom was just admitted into the hospital, this review is strictly for the ER visit.
Today we were lucky enough to work with several wonderful representatives of this hospital.
From the ER receptionist/admitting clerk to the RN's known as the twins ( Justin and David ) they were so positive and empathetic, and truly made our experience less stressful.
I want to thank this hospital for turning our nightmare into a comfortable experience.
We knew you cared by the way you treated our mom.
Poor service i Work in the service field too never see this unprofessional pca and nurse before I was recently here three months ago it happened the same thing too ,and nurses are very unprofessional.
 but over all there's 1 ladie her name is Cathy she work on the 6 floors she is the best specially all the filipino ladies here are so rude I hate this hospital I will never come back again
Even though it was shitty AF to have had an accident that landed me here about six weeks ago, the nurses, PCAs, and doctors were amazing and knowledgeable.
I had a three and a half day stay there for two surgeries for fractures and the night nurses were so kind and accommodating.
 No matter what I needed they got for me and made sure that I was in as little pain as possible.
 The afternoon PCA also did so much for me from getting me new sheets to helping me clean, she even helped with walking (actually strolled) me out when I was released from the hospital all the while making conversation with me.
 Everyone was just so kind and nice.
 I just overall felt like I was really taken care of the entire time I was there as much as I dislike hospitals.
 Kudos to them for making me feel settled down and calm.
 clean, excellent resources, allow VBAC, anesthesiologist was great, good food, a few nurses were so good they were like a dream to a woman in laborCon:  some nurses hands off and just went with the flow rather than being helpful.
Great hospital if you want/need a cesearean or you are high risk pregnancy/delivery.
I was there sat I for my 2 yr old son , I was so amazed of how this staff is so professional , I was greeted by an amazing male  nurse (tall , caucasian and with glasses ) which I forgot to get his name becuz I was so nervous  just remember reaching over my insurance card and him telling me miss don't worry about that right now let's get your son take care of.
thank you I  had an amazing experience here Dr martin Lana was the Dr on duty and my super nurse Carole .
 Don't hesitate to go there excellent professional staff , Clean hospital .
 Children's waiting area available here, parking you must pay but for that kind of service it's all worth it.
Waited 3 hours to see a doctor in ER.
 I was in an accident and in severe pain.
 Thankfully I had ice packs and a bottle of water in my car I brought with me.
 My leg was swollen up and black and no one offered any type of assistance.
 Once taken back, the lady from admissions was waiting on me for signatures and my co-pay upfront.
 Wasting no time to get their money and before I got to see the Doctor.
 People were sleeping on the floor in the waiting room and two people got their family to take  them to another hospital.
 Horrific experience, I will never go there again.
Having recently undergone surgery at Huntington I have nothing but good things to say about the hospital and staff.
 They took incredibly good care of me from start to finish.
 The nurses and staff are awesome.
 Everyone was very good at their jobs, friendly and helpful.
Trip to ER was a night mare.
 Waited in agony for hours.
 Horribly uncomfortable waiting room.
No information available and staff was annoyed if you had the temerity to ask.
 Zero concern or empathy.
 I've received better service at DMV.
This is by far the Worst hospital I have ever been too.
 Last year got hospitalized and was going through a very difficult time in my life.
 My health was very critical and I had to check myself in for major depression due to financial hardship and family circumstances.
 I stayed two weeks before their staff literally threw me out they told me I was going to have to leave and even called two security guards to escort me out?
 Then they are actually arguing with me about a $700 balance my insurance wouldn't cover.
 If you need medical attention stay far away from here they don't care about medical or health concerns only $$$.
I recently had to take a trip to the Emergency room at Huntington Memorial, I had a really terrible case of gastroenteritis and became so weak I couldn't walk or hold down water.
 I arrived on a Friday afternoon around 4pm at that point I was told the wait time was 2-4 hours.
 When I spoke to the intake nurse to asses me based on my condition she stated I wasn't a priority ( at this point I wasn't able to speak or walk and was falling in and out of consciousness) look, I know I wasn't a stabbing victim but did she really need to be rude about it?
 ok skipping ahead after the 5 hour wait ( I'll spare the details) the staff was confused and overwhelmed.
 My lab work had to be re done because of staff errors and in the end I was left with a saline drip that after insurance cost me $625.
 staff is completely overwhelmed, waiting area is packed like sardines, facility isn't terribly clean and the prices are ridiculous.
Finally got the right treatment.
I should have came here right away instead of wasting time by going to urgent care and podiatrist , wasting money, and suffering from pain
I will never ever ever go here .
Dr talena is an absolute uncaring idiot and the billing dept are heartless morons.
The first time i went this nutcase misdiagnosed me.
so i had tovgo bwck the nect day and finally got a decent great surgeon who understood me.
This place sucks, and that first dotor is super stupid and passive.
The bring dept jerk actually had the nerve to say rhey would treat me the same even though I had no insurance.
Called and operator patched me to the ER with out communicating that to me.
 I was still speaking (so I thought) to the operator and heard the line ringing.
 When ER answered they did not make an effort in assisting me to know where to have my 4yr old son have a cast put on.
 Thankfully it was non-emergent (which I did tell the woman in ER).
 It was a very dismissive phone call from both staff members.
 We are going to wait to get my son cast put on when we return to NC in 2 days.
 Very disappointing.
I had to be brought in via emergency.
Because I arrived in an ambulance, I bypassed the waiting room.
Emergency staff was nice and attentive and they put me in a room immediately upon arrival.
The doctors were very thorough in regards to tests administered and follow through with letting me know what was going on.
My doctor ended up admitting me.
I had a sever headache, the doctor was called at 2am and called back immediately with an rx.
Nurses were empathetic to my situation and many went beyond to be sure I was comfortable.
Once released to have a meal, my nurse got me a complete meal within an hour.
Rooms are efficient and well maintained.
My husband said that the chairs could be a little more comfortable, especially when sitting all day.
Minus 1 star because I could not get a reason for my mini stroke.
Staff and facility is a 5 star.
I was at the High Risk department for 6 weeks from 23 weeks of pregnancy til 28 weeks.
They took very good care of me and my family.
Never felt so at home with them.
Great team ever.
They're very hands on with everything they do.
I had to be admitted again at 32 weeks due to unstable BP unfortunately because my baby was having decels they had to induce me at 33 weeks.
But I was still happy with the outcome the nurses at both the L& D and High risk were angels.
We got sent by urgent care to the ER and said they would be expecting us, we get here and it's busy not only that but the staff behind the counter is joking around and laughing not very professional Tim is one of the staff behind the counter, at one point I get up to ask about a group of people who are here with a patient because there being loud not the behavior you display in a ER and ask him if there all patients or waiting with a patient he said there waiting with a patient which is ridiculous I don't believe you need 10-12 people for one patient and there not only bordering me but other patients who are in here, and the staff tonight seems not to care about anything at the front desk.
Always has great experience here.
 The team, from the front desk to nurses to PCA PFC cleaner to doctors, at the hospital are all very nice and work fast.
Mahmood is my moms primary care doctor.
 He's very gentle, and caring.
 Teresa was taking care of her first 2 time dialysis, she's such a pro.
You can just tell.
Very firm but nice and knowledgeable.
I have nothing bad to say about this hospital.
Mom is discharged today Yay.
Shout out to Raymond on the 2nd floor in the outpatient surgery department.
Took my lil man there for surgery and Raymond and he became really good buddies from the beginning.
 He made my lil guy feel very comfortable.
The whole staff who helped with the surgery did great.
Raymond has awesome bedside manners and we were happy to have him.
He checked on us numerous times to make sure we were all very comfortable.
I decided to visit due to my elbow problems and have to say I was very happy at the professionalism and personality of all the employees that I interacted with starting with the person that checked me in all the way to the nurses and doctors.
I've had enough experiences here that I can honestly review it.
From my first time ever at the Huntington years ago for a broken wrist from roller derby to my most recent visit when our baby hit his head, I have nothing but praise for this ER and hospital.
Our most recent experience is without a doubt the worst experience of our lives, but not because of the hospital.
When our baby knocked his head, we rushed to the ER and were seen immediately.
ER staff instantly got to work.
My husband and I, VERY new parents, were quite clearly terrified.
Everyone kept reassuring us everything would be alright.
The doctor on staff, whose name I don't remember, but it began with a U.
 He assured us we were great parents, these things happen, etc.
 He read us the results of the CT scan within 10 minutes of his scan.
 Luckily, the neurosurgeon read the CT scans and deemed himself as not needed, and sent our baby up to the PICU for monitoring.
For the two full days and one full night that we were there, we were taken care of by Elena, Farron, Rosie, and Lucy in the PICU.
 I believe their true colors showed as a staff and as a hospital in those moments with the three of us.
 They tended to our son as their own as well as supported us emotionally.
 Elena was great to talk to and very reassuring.
 Rosie was a sweetheart who allowed my husband and I to actually get some sleep for the first time in over 24 hours while she kept watch during the night shift.
 Amy, from social services, checked in with us each day to make sure we were holding up alright.
 Even while grabbing lunch in the cafeteria, we were stopped by one of the transport guys to ask us how our little baby was doing.
 Most of the staff in the PICU have been working together for over 20 years - they really operate like a close knit family, and by making us feel included in that in what was truly a time of need for us, made all of the difference in our experience.
I kind of want to have a BBQ and invite them all over.
 I was never nervous until the two days leading up to the surgery.
 I've never had surgery before, I've never had anesthesia before.
 I was freaking out a little bit.
As soon as we entered L&D at 3pm, I was immediately calmed.
 My nurses talked to me about how I was feeling, and they urged me to just take things one step at a time instead of focusing on the big, terrifying picture.
 It worked.
 Everything was abuzz with getting me prepared for surgery, and things went quickly.
 The most painful thing I experienced was the IV being placed into my arm.
 Not even the shot into my SPINE hurt.
I got the shot in my back at 5:41, and at 6:07, my son was born.
 Let me tell you guys something - hearing your baby cry for the first time, in real life, is the coolest experience ever.
 When the baby is on lockdown in your belly for 40 weeks, it kind of doesn't feel real, but hearing that cry changes everything.
 I just could't stop laughing, I was so happy.
 Eleanor Leung, quickly put me back together, and had me carted off to recovery.
The nursing staff over the course of the next 4 days were incredible.
 But they kept me clean and comfortable, helped me with things like standing up for the first time after surgery, and peeing for the first time.
I do want to take a second to address the Lactation Department, since I see that the hospital does read these reviews.
The communication with the lactation department was abysmal.
 No one came to see me or talk to me.
 We had to Google how to use the breast pump.
 I wanted to nurse my baby - it was in our birth plan.
 We were struggling getting him to eat, and no one helped.
 We requested someone to come by several times - the first two times, no one came.
 The nurses ended up helping me the best they could.
 The day before we left, we were told we would be seen around 12 and to not feed him.
 Some time around 1:30, my husband and I decided to feed our furious baby.
Overall, this is a pretty good hospital compared to the other ones near Pasadena as long as patients don't get stuck in the Lavina building.
 That place should be condemned or torn down and rebuilt.
 I've had family be stuck in the west tower, which is far cleaner and more tolerable.
 The staffing is also much better than Lavina.
I'm sure it's a bit of luck of the draw, but I waited for less than five minutes at the ER.
 They were efficient, professional and excellent from triage to nurses to the doctor.
 After a recent 4 hour ordeal at an urgent care in Pasadena, I'll be opting for the Huntington ER instead.
This review is separate from the food because I didn't want to knock it down.
 I wanted to give the staff the kudos they deserved.
 I just came home from a 48 hour stat after a major cervical procedure.
 Of the entire time, the only problem I had was the first phlebotomist who was rough and didn't prepare my arm ; honestly the worst blood draw I've ever had and I've had ALOT.
 If this happens, don't let them rush you for no reason because if you're not prepared your vein can flip and it makes it much harder and more painful.
 But after that, The surgery went off without a hitch.
 I was able to get a chest X-ray at 10:15 and walk to surgery where they had the results by my Check on twenty minutes later.
 Impressive.
 In preop I had warming blankets and when they wheeled me in they had great upbeat music and a cheerful team  all set to go.
 My anesthesiologist dr holt was thorough and kind.
 My surgeon, dr costigan, was absolutely confident and reassuring.
 The real review starts when I got it, because every person I had work with me was professional, kind and went above board in seeing to my needs.
  My pt, Rida, turned out to be a childhood friend of a colleague and dear friend.
 The interns were great, Sadi my med nurse was a sweetheart, myrtlina and Brianna were lovely .
 Angie is one of those force of nature women who you know is on your side and going to give you great care from theminute you meet Her.
 Hard working, funny, dedicated, by your side and on your side you are very lucky to have her taking care of you.
 Honestly, her loving care brings tears to my eyes; more than a caregiver she's a therapist and an adviser who works from the heart to give everyone the care they need.
 Encouraging me to get up, bathing me when I couldn't stand, helping me when I was feeling down, and inspiring me to be positive--- can't thank her enough.
 Good job Huntington .
This review is not for the Hospital itself but for Security Guard Trahan.
 I was at the ER recently due to a family member being taken there by ambulance (and subsequently admitted into  the hospital).
 I did not have too much contact with ER staff so i cannot review them at this time.
Security Guard Trahan was very polite, asked how my family member was doing and gave his well-wishes.
 He also went out of his way to direct me and my family to the correct elevators to get to the main lobby and then to the unit where my family member was going to be admitted.
 I see many bad reviews on here about the staff at Huntington Memorial Hospital - there would not be many personnel complaints if all employees were like Mr.
 It's a very clean, modern, upscale hospital.
 The waiting room is spacious and offers free coffee and water.
 There are magazines and televisions to try and beat the boredom.
 My only issue is that they wanted my mom here at 10am.
 She doesn't even enter the surgery center till 12 so we are just stuck waiting here for 2 hours for no good reason.
 All in all, nice hospital though.
 Rather be waiting here than somewhere else I suppose.
It is six months later and I JUST received the bill for the hospital emergency room charge (different than the bill I paid back in May for the emergency room physician) along with an explanation for the delay - due to a medical record system enhancement.
It's just another example of how this place is disorganized.
I hope after paying this one, I don't hear from them again.
To sum up our ER visit, nine hour wait, asked to get an unnecessary x-ray for my child, post-visit measles scare, and then bills one month and then six months later.
What a great place to get help in times of need.
The employees are very helpful.
The location is nice.
I feel it is secured well and that everyone should feel safe when they come here.
I got back on my feet thanks to them.
The best emergency room o have ever been too No waitStaff super friendly and professionalValet parkingClean rooms They also caught a fracture my occ med doctor totally missed.
It's no wonder pain getting worse over the past two weeks.
The best place to come is where the experts are.
Still recommend never to go hereCalled customer service after they replied to my yelpTotally uselessIf you have friends family children loved ones and expect them to be aroundDon't go here if you don't care go aheadAll they care about is your money and insuranceThey trap you and wont let you or family member leave to better careHospital staff all contractorsEquipment is rented and leased and they don't have proper equipment or staffStay away if you like living
Patient confidentiality violations at the ER front desk?
They check your vitals and triage you in front of the public.
You are giving them sensitive medical information in a public lobby with zero privacy.
While you are being diagnose, confidential information are shared openly.
Plus the long wait time to be seen, this seems to be an issue as seen in other reviews.
I doubt I will use this hospital, this was the second time in the ER, the other areas in the hospital are very nice, but the ER feels worn, dated, and staff are just sitting there chit chatting and watching TV while we suffer.
Also plan on paying for parking after the first 15 mins.
Follow up just got done at the ER at Arcadia Methodist Hospital, completely different experience, saw an ER doctor on a Friday night after 10 mins.
Plus no triage in the lobby area, all vitals were taken inside the ER.
No one was in our business except the ER staff.
I cannot express my gratitude about the care my mom has received from her doctors and the staff at Huntington Memorial.
She has had significant health issues requiring surgeries and follow up.
The facility is beautiful, the nurses are attentive and they even had a volunteer bring around a therapy labradoodle to comfort worried families in the surgery waiting room.
I was very apprehensive but Huntington treated me so well and understood my concerns.
Although it was outpatient they told me to not rush and leave when I felt comfortable.
My wife, a former nurse was very impressed.
The doctors, technicians and nurses and other folk took excellent care of me.
Very thorough, very caring.
No one wants to wind up in an emergency ward, but if you gotta go, Huntington is a great place.
11 weeks pregnant and came in to the ER for IV fluids on my doctor's advice due to hyperemesis gravidarum.
I was not seen or allowed to be told my blood test results after 3 hours of waiting.
We gave up and went home because my HG tends to resolve itself by morning and I was told we might not see a doctor for another 7 hours.
I wish they told us that from the beginning or we wouldn't have checked into the ER.
The bill is going to be monstrous and I didn't even receive any sort of care.
The lack of care I received here seriously makes me rethink my choice of Huntington as the birth hospital for when I go into labor.
So remember when I gave this place a 3-star review for the ER services?
Scratch that.
I went to the ER yesterday for a medical emergency (obvious).
After a 3-hour wait in the waiting room, I was deemed important enough to be seen.
An hour later, no doctor, and I bolted.
It took the ER people an additional hour to realize I wasn't there anymore.
When they tried to reach me via phone, they called and hung up.
 Obviously, my tests came back okay or they would've left a message.
My gir friend broke her foot, went to the urgent car first then found out how serious it was.
 Urgent care sent us to the huntington ER of course the place is totally packed on a friday night a 1 am sat in we sat there till 4 before we got admitted, ER people really nice n helpful, got moved into a real room by 10am everyone was friendly helpful and polite so far
Love the staff and physicians.
 My entire family has recieved care there, and the hospital staff were caring and well knowledgeable about optimal patient care.
 I have been to the NICU, ER, and OB-GYN services there - and not one complaint.
 I really appreciate their care, and the least I can do is write this review.
 Also, the hospital is beautiful.
 And they have a Starbucks which is the cherry on top.
The worst hospital ER I have ever been too.
 Waited for 6 hours but no one helped us.
 My friend was dying but they kept us waiting for 6 hours.
 Danny and Ashley were so rude to us and did not help us at all.
 We had to leave the hospital without any treatments.
I delivered my baby on February 3rd 2016.
 Out of all the nurses that came in and out that day she was my solid rock and got me through labor with a smile on her face the entire time.
 Even after her shift was over she waited until I delivered to make sure I was okay.
 May everybody take her bedside manner and learn from it
This hospital is where I delivered my two babies.
 And if I have a 3rd, I would definitely still choose this hospital for its amazing service and great facilities.
 I would like to commend my nurse Erika Covarrubias for being the kindest, most caring and compassionate nurse.
 I couldn't have survived my contractions while waiting for my epidural without her.
 I was almost 10 cm when I got my epidural I was in sooo much pain.
 My heartfelt thanks to Erika and charge nurse Christine as well for  taking good care of me and helping me get thru the pain.
 You guys are the best cheerleaders a mom-to-be could ever have.
These guys asked me to contact them because of my bad review.
 I did and they said they'd investigate the situation.
 I asked for some money off of my $500 bill and they offered a $100 goodwill offering, though they said they found that my complaint didn't warrant anything technically.
 So that was nice.
I also kept getting this $36 bill immediately after we went to this ER, in addition to my other bill.
 I thought it was a scam (the bill looked quite scammy), but apparently the doctors have a separate bill.
 So if you get this, pay it.
I still don't recommend this hospital, but I thought I'd note that they at least were concerned about my complaint and gave me $100 off.
 I had to ask for it though.
3rd visit to Huntington ER and my second hospital stay, out of the 3 I was admitted twice.
and all my times coming to ER I was attended to immediately and the one time I waited it was 15 minutes if that.
when I was attended to immediately I felt like I was dying.
 I have very bad respiratory/breathing issues and the staff, nurses & Drs were kind, professional and provided exceptional health care on taking care of me and consistently checked on me.
I was diagnosed with pneumonia and once moved to main hospital the care only continued and was very impressed on how I was taken care, I felt terrible but the nurses I had were comforting and caring and considering I had no choice to be there i had comfort knowing that I was in a great hospital and all was good, the rooms were great and it's a nice place and even the food was yummy.
I hope I never have to have to be admitted again but if so then this is where I want my care.
thank you to emergency crew, RN'S, pca's, respiratory techs, and the Dr's
This is a follow up to my initial review.
 First of all, this is not a PERCEPTION problem.
 My financial responsibility to Huntington ended up being only $260 after my insurance company processed the claim.
 This is further evidence that Huntington Memorial Hospital engaged in unethical collection practices by bullying me into paying money I did not owe and implying that if I did not pay that I would be refused treatment.
An absolute powerhouse and excited place to see healthcare in action.
 Filled with incredible housestaff and ancillary services.
 They really know how Healthcare should be accomplished and how it should be administered.
 Went to the Taper imaging center and saw all the cool imaging modalities they had at their disposal and I thought it was pretty awesome
Came into the Cedars emergency room for about an hour and a half in November of 2019.
They took blood, ran seven tests and gave me two chest xrays.
The bill is $4700, which they did not estimate for me beforehand and with an additional $600 for the radiology work.
I cannot image how the services provided warrant a bill this large.
 Stunningly ridiculous.
Such Grace and Class at this Hospital.
I know they are massive but they care about patients so refreshing to see.
If your not rich or famous or know someone in administration you're treated like your second class citizen.
The care is very unorganized and uncoordinated.
This place is full of its own crap, they think their shit doesn't stink but is smells as bad or worse than most.
All the organization cares about is there image and will do what's ever it takes to keep the facade seem perfect but it's just shined shit.
This place only cards about money and it's a joke that is a not for profit.
They will turn a blind eye on injured employees kick them to be curb and hope they go away.
They deny follow up care, the only way to get them do what is right is to sue them and they would rather pay attorney fees that take care of there injured employees.
From the attending RN, Clincal Partner, to Physical Therapy, what an amazing place to be when need a Knee Replacement.
 Attentive,  patient, kind.
I can't even review the service, only the HORRIBLE answering system and people running the front desk.
 You can NEVER get a live person.
 you just wait on hold forever only to leave a message, that's if you're lucky enough that the voicemail isn't full.
 If you do get to leave a voicemail, don't expect a callback.
 Just awful.
I had a great experience with the labor and deliver and post-partum recovery team.
 I am especially grateful to Naomi Drucker CNM, the first midwife ever to have privileges in labor & delivery at Cedars.
 She works out of Gracefull Birthing in Silverlake.
 I had easy prenatal visits at the birth center (looking forward to Cedars having a birth center one day) & so much personalized support at the birth.
 I'd hired her for a VBAC but ended up scheduling a cesarean.
 She was still wonderful to have because she knew everyone & was allowed in the OR.
 It made the experience downright magical.
 I wish I could remember the names of the nurses who prepped me for surgery because they were so wonderful, really put my mind at ease.
 They knew Naomi which made it feel as if everyone was really minding their Ps & Qs.
 yet I think the staff is already stellar to begin with.
 They post-partum care made one feel like a VIP.
 Everyone was warm, loving, yet professional.
 The only drawbacks were small room size & the food could be better but those are too be expected with the amount of volume this hospital turns out in the L&D ward.
 LOVED, I would do it again in a heartbeat.
This review is mainly related to their billing department.
 My treatment at the Cedars ER was very brief.
 Despite being misdiagnosed at a prior hospital, I was somehow made to feel like I should have known better.
That aside, the billing department has been a major stressor in my life for the past year.
 Despite multiple emails and phone calls from myself and insurance company telling them that they had billed incorrectly and they would need to resubmit it.
 They proceeded to continue to tell me to update information that had already been updated.
 They proceeded to ignore me and sent my bill to collections.
 After filing two grievances with my insurance company, my insurance company phoned Cedars and now the payment is being processed.
 However, Cedars has still not phoned me to notify me of this, they have not apologized for harassing me and sending me to collections when all they needed to do was resubmit the bill correctly.
 Very poor service.
I have been trying to wait and see if anything would change, but unfortunately Cedars-Sinai has to be one of the worst places I have gone to for medical care in outpatient.
 I was with neurology and it is terrible.
 I have insurance, that isn't a problem, it is the doctors.
 I feel so awful after this experience because I've wasted so much precious time, effort, and have been in so much pain after all this, for nothing, absolutely nothing.
 I have to go find another doctor because I'm so fed up.
 Go somewhere else if you want to be heard and treated like a person, not like an experiment for young doctors to test with.
Well, I'm back here again for the fifth time with my dear sweet Auntie for her follow up appointment.
 I really can't comment on any medical services but I can comment on the great customer service and the friendliness of the staff.
Every time we come to Cedars we get lost from building to building but there is always a staff available to help.
The staff will physically walk you to your location - I've had a doctor, a nurse, a clerk and a maintenance person help us out.
I swear we get lost because the hospital is so huge and one wrong turn you'll end up in the wrong department.
Anyway, the staff are super duper cool.
I visited the cafe and it was amazing - they have everything from fatty foods to healthy delight foods.
Whatever your taste buds and it is reasonably priced.
A family member was scheduled for an outpatient procedure.
 The doctor informed the family/patient that he found a lot of stuff during the procedure and had the patient admitted for expedited work up.
 Blood draws and CT scan of pelvis abdomen and chest were ordered.
 CT scan was done around 10pm and group of doctors may or may not have used layman's terms when discussing the CT scan to patient/family.
 100% sure though that patient/family did not understand it because when I read the medical report/procedure, family/patient had a different understanding of what happened/what was found.
 I do not even think that the CT scan result was discussed with the patient/spouse because the spouse was giving an excuse maybe the doctors wants to wait until all test results are available before giving a diagnosis.
 From my understanding is that any test result procedures should be discussed by the doctor to the patient.
 Imagine going to the doctor because they found x and you get poked and prodded then none of the doctors explain to you what the results were?
 Patient was discharged and did not even have any follow up appointments scheduled with any of the doctors that saw him or with his primary.
 I'll accept it because it's the weekend, doctors offices are closed and someone will call him to set up an appt Monday.
 Sure enough he got a call from the doctors office and was told that the doctors will SEE him after more blood draws, biopsy and scans are done and results are available.
 There's poor communication among physicians.
 Cedars is just like most hospitals.
 Healthcare in America isn't that great.
 Even worse for anyone who doesn't have any background in health care.
 For anyone in healthcare, always try to speak in non medical language.
 It is hard but at least try.
I had a pretty awesome experience in the ER on a late Wednesday afternoon, around rush hour.
 I say great because I was seen super quickly and my doctor and caretakers were extremely competent and reasonable.
 Pearl and her nurse were very very patient, clear, and transparent as they walked me through what was going to happen.
 They properly assessed me for any possible damage and I thank them for the pleasant (almost) painless experience.
 I had to get stitches and was being very annoying and scared the whole time but they tolerated me.
Exit procedure was also straightforward -if you need workers comp, they'll explain everything to you at registration.
Had an amazing birth experience last night.
As a nurse midwife I am so happy with the facilities, staff and access to support to keep my clients safe.
 Rad was a wonderful addition to the birth team.
 They are the absolute highest quality in every possible way.
 I live closer to Olympia and went there once.
 Horrible mistake.
 Cedars is simply the best and quickest to get things done and not have you wait around.
The entire team at the hospital (South Tower) are simply wonderful, I mean literally everyone from the check in staff, to the volunteers who show you around, to the doctors and amazing nurses.
 They're all great, super funny, helpful, attentive, and caring.
 Easy parking for patients ($5 for self parking, $10 for valet with validation) easy check in process.
 If you (or a love one) have to come here, you're in excellent hands.
 The doctors and nurses will answer all your questions, ease your worries and take great care of you.
I just want to thank the staff at Cedars and the way they have handled me and my family.
  We are going through some medical challenges for me and the bedside manner is impeccable.
  We were definitely scared going in and Dr Keith Black and his team made us feel so much better about our situation.
The hospital may be great but the emergency room is bottom line unacceptable.
 The waiting room looked like a chaotic scene from a movie.
 People everywhere some looked like they were close to death and really made me feel some kind of way.
 My elderly mother was brought in by paramedics and was placed in a aisle bed and just left to sit for over 6 hours until I requested for her to be transferred out.
 I was beyond frustrated just watching this staff walking in circles and so many sick people in distress from waiting so long.
  Hoping to not have to ever visit this emergency room again until they get it together.
I came here for a procedure several weeks ago.
  The entire experience was great from the time I checked in till they discharged me.
  The nurses were very helpful and attentive.
  They also provided great care.
  While in the recovery floor, I repeatedly needed to go to the bathroom and said so in my native language.
  And the nurse who was still in training eventually understood what I meant.
  The nurse who was training the other nurse put Vaseline on my lips since I was incredibly dehydrated.
  I applaud these nurses who tolerated and cared for me after undergoing an incredibly sad procedure.
  They don't let you take the bear hugger gown home.
  It was super comfy.
  I wish they would make these available for home use.
  The hospital bed was incredibly more comfortable than my bed at home.
  It would have been nice to have some sort of pet in the recovery area to calm people like me down.
  Note to self before having another surgery, drink lots of water several days beforehand.
I've been out for a year from a liver transplant, seizures, brain bleeding, paralyzed and I can't thank these people enough.
 I guess I was pretty close to dying.
 It was a long struggle but everyone here helped me tremendously.
 I am now back to work and got to have another birthday.
 Amazing.
 World renowned and having some of the best physicians in the world, this has a reputation that is unparalleled.
 It's been a few ticks and I'm overdue.
 I've been a blood donor here for quite a while.
 Specifically and randomly.
I emphatically encourage all of you that are able to donate blood, to do so.
Not only does it benefit lives, but stimulates bone marrow and leaves a sense of satisfaction that will embody you.
 Plus, there's cookies.
The night nurses in the south tower 3rd floor are the worse.
 The were bad 7 years ago when I was here and they are even worse today.
 They forget about you and your doctors orders.
 They don't respond when you call them.
 Most if them are sleeping and not working.
 I am pissed and due to bad night nurses I may have to stay longer.
 I am forced to give them a star but they deserve a negative star.
The worst hospital go to if you need emergency treatment.
 I hope whoever need to take a decision if to go or not will see this.
 The staff cannot handle the pressure and the patient and treating people in an unprofessional behavior.
 Defiantly need to get training ASAP.
Special Thanks to wonderful people who decided to pursue a career in nursingThankyou for such expertise in your fields nursing:Ron's Alvin,Cora,Linda & Park.
This review is for the ER only.
 I had some bad chest pains while I had the flu, so I went to urgent care.
 The people at the front desk seemed nice enough and were quick in getting me inside and onto a bed.
 The doctor that I had was also had good bedside manner and a sense of humor.
 The problem that I had with this place was the nurse that was assigned to me.
 I forgot her name, but she seemed pretty young and inexperienced.
 I'm fine with having a young nurse attend to me.
I recommend avoiding this place unless you would like to deal with nurses who don't even know how to put in an IV correctly.
Best hospital in town.
 My dad spend his last days at this hospital.
 Doctors and nurses were great.
 They were very supportive of our feeling and did everything possible to make my dad and us comfortable.
I went to the ER and received absolutely horrific treatment.
 After the doctor decided I wasn't lying about my head pain, they gave me a CT scan.
 I had a bad reaction to the medication I was given.
 I was not told anything.
 Eventually I left, just as unsure of what I was experiencing as before I went.
 After a short time I saw other doctors who gave me a proper diagnosis that would've been helpful to have earlier.
 The trip to the ER left me confused and in more pain and I will NEVER return here.
The best OCREVUS infusion center I've been to, lovely staff.
 They have great bedside manners and take really good care of you
The worst hospital, only the name.
 They don't care about the appointment they give you, they keep you waiting.
 Employees are disrespectful.
Don't work in there Emergency room if your black, Sue Mooney ( charge nurse, Manager) and the majority of ER staff are racist and discriminatrory towards black nursing staff, I know, I've worked there for over a year.
 Believe me its was the worse, degrading, experience I've had as a nurse so far.
 I only tried my best to fit in as a team member and adapt in a positive way at work.
 Its not what you think it is.
 And be careful of the charge nurses they will all try to write you up consecutively for no good reason if they have it out for you, smh.
 made me stronger in the long run, thank you.
This review is for the Ruth & Harry Roman Emergency Department at Cedars-Sinai Hospital.
Luckily I haven't had a need to come to the Cedars-Sinai Emergency Room since I fractured my wrist over 15 years ago or so.
However several weeks ago I drove myself here because of what I thought may have been a strangulated inguinal hernia.
I want to commend each and every employee who I had contact with from the kind parking attendant, who was able to help with accepting my car in the packed parking situation, to the phlebotomist who took my blood sample so painlessly.
  Special thanks to the best RN Karen VanDuff, who escorted me into my room, monitored and checked on my status.
  And most of all to the kindest, caring & efficient Dr Scott Braunstein who fully examined & discharged me.
 Braunstein even mentioned I might get an earlier appt with my regular internist because of my visit.
 my regular internist office did contact me within a few days.
The process took over 6 hours from check in to leaving the ER.
I realize there are people ahead of me in the packed waiting room who may be in more critical situation.
So I patiently waited for my room.
There was only one unnerving point when one of the patients in waiting room was causing a ruckus and with the great security presence, decided to leave on his own accord.
Thanks to everyone who was there that evening and early morning.
I really appreciated your help.
First time coming here though other family members have been here I am loving the reception from all staff.
I like walking into places where people remember you
 Siedhoff, the nurses and staff are very helpful, nice, friendly and professional.
 I can't imagine having surgery somewhere else.
 Everyone who helped and assisted me has been great, and they made it easy for me in every  step of the way.
 They certainly provide a world class health service.
 I definitely recommend this place.
What a horrible phone service they provide, 3rd world, in almost every deportment like neurology,Imaging medical record, unpleasant experience, zero stars.
I volunteer here so of course I'm a fan of this facility.
 I play prelude music in the North Tower of the plaza level.
 I've never been a patient here myself but I've had friends receive care here and visited off and on.
From what I observe and have seen this medical center is managed well.
Their cardiology dept is rated as one of the top in the nation for heart transplants.
They provide so many great services not only for the patients but for the employees that work here (free flu shots, benefits and what not).
They encourage continuing education programs, bring in new studies, research and always look how to expand more efficiently.
Through my time and experience here I've only heard great things from satisfied customers.
The only draw back I would express is parking and traffic is Terrible.
My symptoms got worse waiting to go back in the emergency room and they took someone who waited 20 minutes while i was sitting there for 4 hours.
The triage didn't care about my symptoms and called people who weren't sick before me.
Don't go here if you have a serious problem- they would rather let you get sick in the waiting room than take you back.
My name is Rafael and i been seen my Dra Jennifer Anger.
I was involved in a car accident thank god i'm alive.
Before i was seen by Dr Movassaghi but he did refer me to Dra Jennifer.
Honestly my first visit with Dra Jennifer made me feel that I had an option.
The Infusion center is a stellar example of professionalism with nurse Cristina Grasu leading the way.
She is conscientious, considerate, and kind in her bedside manner and she is fantastic with  the IV hookup.
Cristina makes our visits pleasant and enjoyable when normally hospital visits are intimidating and nerve wrecking.
Kudos to Cristina and her crew for such consummate professionalism.
I had a great surgeon and my VNS surgery went very well.
However, day after I needed to go to the ER because I wasn't feeling well.
They ended up keeping me there until 3:00am to do tests, blood samples, when I was just too tired.
Too my surprise, they told me I needed to go home after that.
I couldhardly stay awake.
I am beyond impressed with this hospital.
For a brief moment I thought I'm checking into a 5 star resort.
My mom was scheduled for minor surgery at this hospital.
I volunteered to take her, because i heard great stuff about this hospital.
They were not rumors.
Every step of the way, they were courteous, professional, and made you feel comfortable.
Not the typical feeling you have at any given hospital.
The most courteous staff.
Then, we walked in the hospital, and right away we were escorted to the registration.
Then when that was done, they escorted us to administrative office, then escorted us to another floor to prep her for surgery.
Escort after escort for everything.
Then, when we checked out, a few days later we received a call from management of this hospital to ask us about our experience on our visit.
He received the best care from the surgeon Dr Annamalai,  the best doctors and nurses at 5SCCT ICU 5th floor and post surgery 6th floor.
 you've addressed all our concerns and even take an extra step to explain everything in details.
We're so thankful for all the work you've done for my dad and my family during the most difficult time, you're all angels sent from the above.
Waited a ridiculously long time while having an asthma attack and the nurse was even the one saying I needed a breathing treatment asap.
They were super crowded and the doctor kept getting distracted and didn't seem thoroughly caring.
 Dr didn't ask me if I had any issues-- just get in and out as fast as possible.
 Cedars is a real money making machine.
 Difficult to find Cedars in a health insurance network--wonder why?
I gave birth at Cedars-Sinai a few weeks ago and I can't thank Valerie, one of the Lactation Consultants there, enough.
She was so encouraging and helpful while I was in the hospital but also a week and a half later, when I called the helpline for an over-the-phone consultation.
She was the one assigned to me while I was in labor- she is extremely knowledgeable, caring, and just the best.
There were a few rough patches when I was being admitted, but after Naomi, it was a smooth ride after.
Since it was a natural delivery, I was on the fence about using epitocin - as one of the resident doctor heavily advocated for it throughout, but Naomi gave me the time, knowledge, and confidence to make the right choices along the way.
She made arrangements for us to get the best view in the delivery room, and offered so much wonderful advice along the way, I didn't want to let her go after her shift ended.
She even checked on me after I was transitioned from the delivery room to the recovery room.
To me, Naomi demonstrated the best care at Cedars Sinai and I am counting my blessings to have had her as my nurse.
Okay, so here are some great aspects of Cedars Sinai for Labor & Delivery:1.
Parking - the parking for the unit is extremely convenient - you park, ride the elevator up to the third floor, and you're there.
 Great amenities- the delivery unit was clean, with mostly new equipment, I felt assured of quality of equipment - as you are the main piece ;)3.
the quality of the food can definitely use some upgrade, but the whole experience was just on the dot perfect.
Some of the prenatal classes have to be registered months ahead, as well as the delivery room, so definitely register with your OBGYN.
Throughout the years this hospital became worse and worse, but my last visit definitely tops all possible medical malpractice.
 Waited in ER for 3:30 and no one even walked in2.
 The iv was put in a wrong place, not able to take blood pressure.
 And got bloody.
 Was discharged without medications or any help.
 Terrible experience, lazy and incompetent staff.
 i went up to thr registration area and nurse who appears super stressed looked at me, hesitated for a few seconds, and started yelling at me about my droopy face.
 her voice was sincere, concerned rather than condescending.
 The level of service, professionalism, and care is extraordinary.
 A month and a half of calling, receiving a different admin each time and the scheduler lost my medical records.
Cedars-Sinai is our local hospital which we have used in most instances for medical care or Emergency Services.
 Although Cedars has a good name for quality care, we were let down on a number of occasions.
 Such as the delivery of our baby.
 All went well however the accommodations and nurses were subpar.
 Hour nurse would constantly wake up the baby or the mother who just gave birth.
 With complete disregard to the wishes of the family who had asked not to be Disturbed.
 I wish were there were better choices locally
Worst nursing everNot caring and very coldMy dad had a surgery here and I genuinely hate this placeAvoid as much as u can.
The Staff At Cedars are byone helpful.
 Easy to get lost, but their buildings are beautiful.
Went to the emergency room after a work injury got settled in a room rite away and the doctor came in with a big fat smile.
 Love the staff and its super clean.
 And of course the coffee vending machine was legit awesome.
Thanx cedar Sinai you saved my eye.
The security is definitely on point here.
friendly staff,the ER can be a bit of a circus at times.
Love the actual medical practice, but the ER is best to be avoided.
 Went in last night for some concerning symptoms.
sudden partial loss of vision/visual disturbances in left eye and complete numbness in left arm.
 Was worried about a possible TIA or stroke, particularly because I'm recovering from surgery.
 I wanted to make sure I wasn't throwing a blood clot or something.
 The furthest I made it was the check in desk.
 After nearly 2 hours of sitting in the waiting room and NEVER being triaged, my symptoms started to fade and I finally left without a single interaction other than checking in.
 Figured if it was gonna be a full blown stroke it would have already happened while I sat waiting to be triaged.
 It is deeply disturbing to me that the Cedars ER can go hours having no idea what my vitals are.
  Triage is the very base level of emergency care and it was never performed.
 This is a serious lapse for an ER.
 I don't trust the Cedars ER.
 It's obviously understaffed if they can't even get people into triage.
Definitely the best hospital in LA, but the amenities are not as modern as you'd expect them to be.
  There is a new wing, but the North and South Tower are pretty average.
  Nothing compared to say a Northwestern Hospital in Chicago.
  The one awesome thing about the hospital is that they serve Kosher food, and they have a mezuzah on every door.
  Thats pretty coolWhen visiting a patient, they charge you an arm and a leg to park there, so park at the Beverly Center lot, and walk across the street, its a great little trick
Had my baby at Cedars and it was an awesome experience.
 My daughter was a preterm baby and had to stay 8 days and she received the best care ever.
Staff here is incredible.
 Everyone is always so quick to offer help.
 It can be a bit overwhelming since the hospital is so large, however, there have been several times when I've asked the volunteers (in blue jackets) for directions to a certain building and they've actually led me there themselves.
 I also like that they have a Starbucks inside the hospital and several food options (not just a cafeteria).
 They have loads of parking, though it can get pricey.
The culture of institutions starts at the top.
 The executives do not care about their own people that work here and it shows throughout the organization in many different ways but sadly in the way people deliver care to patients is where it's seen.
 Go to City Of Hope where leadership cares about people and you see that transcend to patients.
WORST Emergency service I have ever experienced , I got here with severe pain In my chin/jaw area post surgery.
 nobody cares how much you are suffering , nobody cares if you are dying , they just sit around with no compassion and talk to each other , people were waiting for hours to get called .
 security is just ridiculous .
 Telling jokes and laughing while people are in critical conditions .
 I'm planing to file a report about this hospital .
 I ended up leaving and not getting a proper treatment
Wow, for such an esteemed medical facility, this place couldn't get thier act together with written instructions with diagrams.
 I can't believe that I completed 18 pages of written health forms.
 Then was contacted 3 times before my appointment about the same information.
 Finally at the appointment was asked by 4 people about all of the information that I answered on the medical history forms.
 When I asked if they read my information first, they actually said NO.
 Then the Dr sees me 1 hour late.
 He provided no more information that my Dr provided me.
 asked me 3 times why I was there.
 Even went as far as to tell me that I should drive over 95 miles through LA traffic to see another facility for a diet at UCLA.
 He never looked at my information that I provided, but did look at a few records, and still had incorrect information.
 Must be Alternative Facts.
 I leave and state that I dont want a follow up appointment.
 I receive a call the next day stating that I forgot to make another appointment.
 I would definitely  recommend this place to anyone that has a emergency.
My post operative care was amazing.
  I had a pretty serious surgery that was planned, but needless to say going under the knife is stressful since STUFF HAPPENS.
  My pre and post operative care and hospital stay were truly a positive experience.
  Everyone, and I mean EVERYONE I had contact with was friendly, professional, and helpful - from the doctors and nurses to the housekeeping, food-service (ok it WAS hospital food), to volunteers made my stay as comfortable and pleasant as possible.
 Andrew Lee, is the best cancer doctor at Cedars-Sinai medical center, I love the amazing service the friendliness,and the rapid recovery after I had my surgeries I had follow-up appointments that went very smoothly and it help the process of my recovery.
Currently sitting in my second room waiting, now almost two hours, for vaccines I was told take an hour.
 After the first waiting room the nurse actually asked me why I hadn't received my vaccines - this inspires confidence.
 But where they lack in service delivery, they make up for in payment collection.
 I'm out $600 but I have yet to see a doctor.
 The staff here does not communicate; I've filled out the same form twice and nobody knows why I'm here despite having told everyone the same story.
Very disappointing when I was under the impression this was a world class institution.
Take this with a grain of salt because I haven't had my coffee today but this place is objectively disorganized.
Just a little update to my last mention.
My arm got infected from the infiltrated vein (phlebitis) and I had to get care from another doctor.
They were funny, compassionate and everything bedside manner should be described as.
Castellanos and the whole team for treating us so well.
You all have chosen your professions well and clearly love it.
Several years ago a dear family  friend was in the ER, and was quickly admitted, due to her  and lung complications.
It was extremely serious, and  touch and go.
The Hospital staff were Amazing,  The care she received  was excellent.
I would like to take this opportunity to thank the GI Lab physicians and staff for the outstanding care they provided me when I had a cancer screening procedure.
From the minute I checked in, the Good Samaritan staffs of registration and the GI Lab were attentive and respectful of my feelings and the care I was there to receive.
Everyone I met provided the most loving, compassionate, and professional care.
A big thank you to everyone for the extraordinary level of service I received.
By comforting me and making me feel safe during a vulnerable time, you created an exceptional experience for me.
The dedication you have for your profession and commitment you have for the ones you care for each day is to be recognized and celebrated.
I went for 2 sleep studies at the sleep center and both times had excellent experiences.
The staff was accommodating and kind and the facilities were clean and comfortable.
Also, I was able to get both studies booked in a very timely manner (approximately 2 weeks instead of the months at other sleep centers).
Would definitely recommend for anyone in need of a sleep study.
 The Dr  and staff were very informative and supportive.
Had a great experience here for labor and delivery and post partum.
The nurses here were generally great and many were above and beyond.
They really want to practice a more well rounded approach here which I really appreciate.
They have huge labor and delivery rooms that can fit like 20 people inside, there is a huge sofa that can sit your guests or support group and can even turn into a twin bed for an overnight stay.
There is plenty of room to do whatever you need to do in labor and I don't know if it's just because I had great doctors from USC OBGYN group that allowed it but they really want you to try their best to get you the kind of birth experience that you want.
I wanted a more natural vaginal birth with a non pain medication kind of experience and despite some complications from the start, they tried their best to get me that.
Even though I was tethered to a stress monitor and an IV they showed me how to unplug things so that I could go to the bathroom (Which is huge btw and has a large shower), and labor where I could, like walk around the bed, or use their peanut ball, change bed positions, decorate the room, have the people I want there and keep the people I don't want out.
They let me play any music I wanted and informed the staff of what kind of environment felt the best for me.
They also have all kinds of things to help you if you need it like bedrest leg pumps for swollen feet and legs.
They are a baby friendly hospital too so that means they follow the rules of what that means like putting the baby on your stomach right after you give birth, and you or someone in your support group can cut the cord, and you can choose if you want certain things like eye ointment to be administered to your baby, and they make you breastfeed or try too immediately an hour after during golden hour where it's best you use that time to bond with your baby and figure out the breastfeeding, and baby stays with you always unless they need to be in the nicu.
And their rooms are amazing they actually have a ton of equipment hidden away in the ceiling when it's time to give birth.
 Still nice nurses there but be prepared for not sleeping and doctors and nurses coming in all the time for tests.
The hospital also offers free lactation consultation, a $20 five day parking pass instead of $8 a day, and very low cost birthing, breastfeeding and infant care class thats quite good.
They also gift you a stroller or car seat when you have your baby here.
There's a cafeteria in the basement and it's pretty good sometimes.
If your baby ends up in the nicu they even have courtesy rooms where you can stay for free to be near your baby.
 The WORST experience at a hospital.
 The nurses were helpless.
 After my procedure I was provided with zero discharge information, and one nurse was trying to sell me on her vitamin company.
 I was in a lot of pain after the surgery and after calling multiple times and leaving messages with two nurses about my pain, not one phone call was returned.
 I will NEVER go back to this hospital.
 They where quick to help me, and I honestly wouldn't go anywhere else from now on.
 They are true life savers, and  I will never forget them.
It took me a long time to think and write about this.
 It is difficult when someone you care about is in a position that you can do nothing about, i spent many hours here.
 I knew all the security staff, and all the nurse shifts/changes in the cardio unit.
 My life ceased for a while and being in here, my daily routine.
I feel deep down that the unit tried their best despite the outcome.
 Taking care of people is a difficult job and i can only imagine the stress that comes with so many folks who come in and out of here.
 I even witnessed a former head nurse whose sister was here and she was powerless to do anything.
 This place represented a very dark time in my life last year but I think being able to talk and write about such things allows one to move on with life.
 As said before I appreciate all those involved in providing the support, care and human kindness while they could
My family member was recently in the hospital and we couldn't have asked for a better experience.
 All the staff here is very friendly and the facilities/rooms here are very clean and nice.
 We will definitely come back here for anything we need.
 She apologized on behalf of her staff, asked me what they could do better in the ER, as a whole, and how they could accommodate me further.
 It was an engaging interaction and I feel a bit more confident in Good Samaritan hospital.
 She was very personable and kind unlike the nursing staff we encountered.
 I am increasing my rating to 3 stars due to her apology and the time she took to listen to our experience with Good Samaritan hospital, and my opinion on how to improve other patients interactions as well.
 I hope going forward no one else has to endure what my family did during our ER visit at their hospital.
They were attentive and thorough.
The entire hospital process was above board.
She was in a private room with the most wonderful RN Mary and CNA Maria on Orth 7th floor.
The cafeteria had healthy food options which is not only appreciated but necessary in our society.
We appreciate their consciousness to health.
I must say that Good Sam has the best gift shop.
 Beautiful job to the ladies that run the shop.
 We were a little skeptical about traveling to LA for this procedure but Good Sam was a pleasant surprise.
This hospital is the fucking worst.
 Seriously, avoid it at all costs if you can.
 I was forced to come here because my GP relocated to an office here and though I love her, I would rather find a new GP then deal with this place.
 Most places are either free of charge or cap at $5.
 First indication this hospital is absolute trash.
 The next is all of the construction going on outside, while the inside remains filthy and disgusting.
 Apparently this shit has been going on for years and has no end in sight.
I received excellent ER and in patient care, with comfortable facilities, friendly, efficient and informative nurses and PAs, and decent food.
 Bed was comfy, everything was very clean.
 Overall, I am well pleased.
 An ER visit is never pleasant nor are hospitalized overnights.
 During my stay, I was cool and comfy, well attended to and pleased with my environment.
 There are nearby McDonald or KFC in walking distance if you get hungry.
 Both my wife and I agree that should we have another baby, we would definitely return to Good Sam Hospital for their exceptional services.
I must admit that last night visit to Good Samaritan ER was one of the best ER experience i've had.
Yes, maybe longer waiting times than one would want but the way I see it, no one is really perfect.
 What shocked me the most, was the way the nurses were so friendly, informative and more importantly caring.
 From Terry who did my vitals when I checked in to JP who lent me his iPhone charger so my phone wouldn't die and I could keep my family updated on my status, to Dr.
 Ng himself who was very nice and helpful.
 I was rated with care which is more than I can about many of my visits to the ER in the past.
 I commend you guys for finding humanity in the care for patients or at least me.
 The staff was amazing.
 Everyone made me feel comfortable and safe.
 Great nurses and nurses assistants and everyone else.
 Grateful to have this hospital relatively close.
 Amazing cardiology department.
 There was a small gap in communication and procedural flow between the weekend staff and the weekday staff which is the only reason I gave less than 5 stars.
 Thank you very much to all the hard working staff I encountered at Good Samaritan.
 I would definitely recommend this hospital.
This hospital was light years ahead of Hollywood Presbyterian.
 I had a surgery done at Good Sam last year, and they were the best.
 Kind staff, attentive, but not overbearing.
I arrived this morning for an achilles tendon rupture repair.
 The surgery itself is an out-patient process that requires no overnight stay.
The reason I provide the hospital with only four stars is because of the admission representative.
 She provided absolutely no empathy.
 If you are not familiar with surgery, I was unable to eat for 12 hours prior; so my blood sugar was low.
 I was not upbeat and personable and I would say that I was kind of a jerk.
 But that's a side effect of the blood sugar and the fact that I needed surgery, which is never fun and typically places the patient in a bad mood.
Instead of understanding this reality, she took it personally and treated me as if I was intentionally being rude to her.
 When in reality, I was depressed by my surgery and anxious from my low blood sugar.
Regardless of her treatment, the remaining staff was excellent.
 The pre-operation nurses and post-op care is top notch.
 The anesthesiologist took time to explain to me the medication, side-effects and possible complications.
 Everyone was extremely professional.
 Additionally, the bedside manner on the operating floor itself was second-to-none.
If you have thick skin and can manage the lack of empathy by the admissions, then the remainder of your stay will be without any complications whatsoever.
I had an excellent neurosurgeon, but the hospital was dreadful.
The room wasn't cleaned the entire time I was there.
Wastebaskets hadn't been emptied for three days; bed linens and my gowns were  tossed in shower; hat to measure urine wasn't emptied for three days; blood on floor-not mine- not washed off; 3 of 5 nurses were surly and slow to show up.
I couldn't believe this place was actually a hospital it was so filthy.
I had to ask to have everything at least picked up.
I am impressed with the quality of service of this hospital, as a patient and visitor.
When family members and friends need health care, they get the same outstanding care and services.
Dealt with other hospitals, but The Good Samaritan Hospital is definitely outstanding.
 They are fast and efficient.
 They are knowledgeable in what they do and are confident in their practice.
 I would feel comfortable in their care knowing that they can give the best care.
 So pleased, we stayed at the hospital for the maximum four days.
The staff at Good Sam was warm and caring, making our first birth experience as good as it could be.
 Though the hospital is not nearly as large as UCLA Medical or as  star-studded as Cedars, Good Sam offers impeccable service.
 All the nurses (particularly the night nurses) were kind, caring, patient.
 My husband and I felt we were in good hands the entire time we were there.
 When overwhelmed by our newborn, the nurses were just a buzzer away.
  She took the time to get to know me  and made sure I was extremely comfortable and feeling no pain during the procedure.
  She was a treasure.
  I was taken from the lab to recovery, where I had the privilege of having Ben as my nurse.
  He had several other patients, but because of his energy and focus, he met my every need.
  After recovery, Maggie Lin cared for me in outpatient recovery.
  Her nursing was excellent and she made the experience pleasant.
  I have been a patient in many hospitals and due to the expertise, dedication, and caring doctors and nurses, Good Samaritan is my favorite.
  Good Samaritan is good looking: the area in front of the hospital has grass hills and flowers, the lobby has a high ceiling and lots of natural light, the elevators are made to look like the walls and floor are light wood, yet they don't look like Formica.
The best thing about the elevators is the 4000 ponounds limit.
The hospital cafeteria was about what you'd expect, otherwise, I spent my time in the ICU, keeping a friend company.
I was really impressed with the ICU for its cleanliness, its organization, and most of all, the technology.
Laptops on wheels with all sorts of medical functions to be brought into patients' rooms; each patient wears an ID bracelet with a barcode and gets scanned before readings are input into the computer (YES, I realize that's totally dehumanizing, HOWEVER, it also prevents records mix ups and streamlines the process, as well as meaning everything goes into the hospital computer immediately).
The ICU seemed like a place I would trust were a loved one there.
Parking tip: the little street that goes directly in front of the parking structure has meters that give you 10 HOURS for a dollar.
 Guzman was very attentive and polite.
 Overall it was a very smooth process and not the chaos I expected.
I went to the ER yesterday and have to say this was the best experience at an ER that I've had.
 We were there for quite a few hours, which is typical for an ER so I didn't expect anything less, but the staff was super helpful, kind, and caring.
 Shannon was one of my nurses, and Phil was my PA.
 Phil made sure I knew the pros/cons of all medicines he recommended and explained everything to me (what tests they were/weren't doing on me and why).
 Everyone we encountered had a friendly demeanor - nurses, the doctor, and even the security guard stationed up front.
 On top of giving good medical advice, they even brought a light, but still appropriate sense of humor - which lightened the mood and actually made for an overall enjoyable visit to the emergency room.
 Hopefully I won't need to return to the ER anytime soon, but if I do and I'm in the neighborhood, it'll definitely be here.
Fortunately, I had time to research several ERs (through online reviews) before I went.
They are compassionate, professional,thorough and experienced.
they explained everything  .
 oh, they fed me and my girlfriend who was with me.
The doctors, physicians assistants, nurses, nursing assistants, imaging techs and the entire staff are not only incredibly competent and knowledgeable, but friendly and kind as well.
 They put you at ease during times of stress and pain.
 NYU Langone Cobble Hill is by far the only emergency room to go to in Brooklyn.
 I sent a friend there for stitches after a pretty nasty cut, he still thanks me to this day.
 I unfortunately have become a semi regular and some of the staff know me.
 They know how to respond to my conditions and I can not thank them enough.
Thanks NYU Cobble Hill.
The ER staff here was so attentive and kind during my visit.
 I was really impressed with how great every single one of them was at their jobs.
I came here last week and was blown away by how friendly and accommodating the staff was.
 I was in horrible pain and everyone, the nurses, CNAs, and all, took excellent care of me.
 The PA on duty was comforting and attentive.
 They called the next day to follow up and see how I was doing which I thought was very thoughtful.
 The security guards were even nice and helpful.
 So grateful to have been in the care of this medical staff.
This is the best emergency room, in a hospital, I've ever been to.
 The staff/physicians are very attentive to your needs, on task, sympathetic to your condition, extremely hard working and consistent.
 The level of service I received was impeccable.
 I was afraid when I got their in a lot of pain and they were more than supportive.
 From the moment I arrived up until my departure I was treated with and felt as a top priory.
 Not to mention, the total time I spent there was about a hour if not less.
 It is a pretty large hospital and the layout with multiple entrances is pretty confusing, but it was probably one of the worst hospitals I've ever visited which made me truly grateful for the NHS back home in England.
From rude staff to long waits - I was shocked at the level of service here especially considering healthcare in the US isn't free like back home in the UK, luckily I had my insurance to take care of most of the charges.
As it was a men's issue I did expect to see a male doctor which is why I was confused to have to wait so long (In the UK this is a simple issue which could have been sorted in minutes), having multiple unrelated and pointless tests done (which I had just had done not long before at another hospital) only to find not just one female doctor but SIX gathering round.
To make matters worse the staff members just seemed to want to get rid of me after I complained about the speed of service, they began to turn really rude and aggressive after I explained how it would have been sorted in the UK and after I questioned the need for certain things they were doing, which were pretty much delaying me: I feel they rushed my treatment to the point my issue wasn't fixed at all, meaning I had to go to ANOTHER hospital later on in that evening to undo what they had done.
The hospital inside seemed old-fashioned and disgusting, sick patients were too closely mixed together with others to the point the spread of infection was rife, there was no segregation between people being sick and those who might just have a minor issue - It made no sense again.
I really regret ever coming here in the first place as not only are the staff rude, slow and incompetent (they even held me back afterwards due to issues with my insurance which they had previously OK'd) but it just felt so run down to the point a hospital in a small town in the UK wouldn't be this bad, which brings me even more shocked considering this is in Central Manhattan of NYC, one of the world's biggest cities.
 I will be delivering my baby there in June and I will keep you updated on how the overall service and experience goes.
 For now I give them 5 stars for my emergency room time.
Adam who is the radiology tech was extremely patient with me.
 I waited for about 20 minutes.
  I was in and out of the hospital.
 The doctor was very kind to me and saw I was having issues.
The lobby is beautiful.
The decor is warm and welcoming.
Made me feel a little better.
They have a outdoor garden that is just gorgeous with lovely flowers and statues.
I think I really enjoy the outdoor area and it gave me a sense of calm and serenity.
The staff were OK- friendly but of course you are always going to get a staff member that you are not going to like in a hospital.
Overall the staff interaction was positive.
The food was lovely.
I got a vegan meal which I was not expecting.
The bread was warm and soft.
The pasta was very well cooked and the sauce was great.
Overall I had a great experience at this hospital.
Not only did I experience a Hipaa violation by one of their employees via email but because of their lack of compassion my doctor (no longer mines of course) almost let me die.
 Had to go to another facility for proper treatment The Hipaa violation was another woman's detailed billed about her medical procedure, the cost, her address, full name, insurance name and ID, and MRN.
Fantastic emergency room care.
 The nurses and doctors found my issues and the wait time was ALOT better then most hospitals in Queens and Long Island.
This is a review for NYU Langone's new virtual urgent care app.
 I had a negative experience due to both the cost of treatment and service received.
 I needed to see a doctor and thought I would try out their app to save me the effort of driving into an urgent care when I was in pain.
 I entered in my insurance information but the app said that was pending and wouldn't let me proceed with the visit without paying $126 upfront (instead of my usual copay).
 So I paid that out of desperation and had my appointment with someone who told me to just drink more tea and see how I feel in a week (while I was in tears because I was in so much pain).
 The next day I went to a different in person urgent care, where they gave me a treatment plan that actually helped me.
I went to the ER and was seen quickly and was given diagnostic tests by 2 doctors and had a CT scan.
  The online system wouldn't let me pay either since it is in collections.
Now this place is damaging my credit over 34 dollars.
The staff on the phone seem nice but inept.
Hanging up on me on accident.
Four times in one day when all I want is to pay them.
This review is for the Perlmutter Cancer CenterThe physician that we saw was excellent and we had a great experience with her.
They had come up with a price that we paid on the spot before doing the procedure.
We got the exact procedures done that were listed on the invoice and no other procedure was performed.
However, a couple of weeks later, they sent us a bill for additional money even though no other services were performed.
 This is completely unjustified since the hospital had given us a costing and we had paid the hospital up front based on the price they gave us up front.
It would be understandable if the hospital had to perform extra procedures but that is also not true.
Extremely shady billing practices.
 I am sure things are different today but it is still unforgivable that it happened at all.
Have been back several times for ongoing treatment of a close relative and the standard of care continues to be very good and above what we have experienced at other area hospitals.
We were in NYC for a vacation layover, when my wife ended up hunched over on the floor in pain, telling me to call 911.
 She is a nurse, so this is not done lightly.
 The NYFD EMTs showed up promptly and based on yelp reviews, we told them to go to NYU.
The staff in the ER did a great job.
 They saw her very quickly and got a doctor to see her quickly.
 The nurse who took her initial blood draw, took 5 or 6 of them inside 20 seconds.
The doctors were very professional, respectful, and sensitive not only to the patients, but also to the patients' family (which was me in this case).
 Ultimately, based on CT scan, they diagnosed her with having 2 kidney stones.
 They explained in detail the size and position of the stones and set our expectations and explained what steps to take.
 They have excellent patient care and sensitivity and this was in the ER.
If ever anyone I know has an urgent medical condition in NYC, I would absolutely recommend the ER at NYU.
After having a horrible check in at the office and getting visibly angry (something I rarely do), I was helped by a manager.
She was empathetic, got me in to see the doctor and doctor's assistant, who seemed to be very knowledgeable, and patiently gathered information and provided an assessment.
In the end I paid for the visit out of pocket and was assured I'd be reimbursed once the proper referral was sent in.
Going to this NYU trinity has been an absolute nightmare.
Not only will the doctor( my case Dr Busillo) not follow up with results but you are constantly chasing the doctor and their 3 assistants for them.
No call backs and expects you to check the app.
Needless to say, I waited 6 days for a follow up and was told to wait for another call for my follow up appointment.
 A follow up with the doctor required you to pay your co-pay again.
 This was a follow up to get a shot.
 I've never experience this type of extortion and NYU you should be ashamed of yourself to allow this practice from your doctors.
Save your self the time and headache and just find a private practice.
You think with so many on pay roll, they could do a better job with their efficiency.
Avoid at all cost if you value your time and money.
Just yesterday, my cousin had a surgical procedure & all of us were extremely pleased with the service provided.
This is my second experience with this medical center & both times have never fallen short of expectations.
There wasn't 'one' person I could say was rude or misinformed- Everyone I encountered was extremely polite, helpful & accommodating.
I thank them for that, for keeping their facilities as immaculate as they do & for keeping themselves effectively organized.
The center is truly large (maze like) but you simply have to be aware of the signs in order for you to easily get to your destination.
I highly recommended this medical center & will continue to return to them if anything is needed in the future.
This review is for recovery room nurse MARGARET KING.
I had surgeries in Lenox Hill, Maimonides , North Shore.
Margaret King provided the best care,  cold compress , bed adjustment , etc, and Just being caring THANK YOU.
Diagnosed with cervical spinal stenosis which is pinched nerve ending in my neck, that was causing the pain in my shoulder.
I was surprised to hear this, as I already went to tons of rehab, cortisone shots, MRI's.
 A month later I had spinal fusion done at Lennox Hills.
Not even 15 minutes after his appointment his rehab place from W 4th called me to schedule me for rehab, thanks for sending unnecessary solicitation my way.
Then NYU sent be the bill for the visit.
My health care spending account was suspended and it took few weeks to get it back up and running.
Once the bill hits 60 days they sent it to collection.
My healthcare savings provider already sent them the check, now I have to deal with this collection agency.
Never really know how to rate hospitals because thankfully I do not attend them a lot.
Had to come here recently due to two close friends of mine recently having a baby and the mother giving birth here.
 I am guessing they treated her well and the baby was delivered safe and sound.
 Other than that can't really comment much on NYU Medical but being that it is owned or ran by those of NYU higher ups it should be a very advanced and skilled medical center.
I had to have a benign tumor removed from my face.
 The doctor that I chose for this procedure was affiliated with this hospital.
 From the pre-admission testing to my discharge NYU Langone was great.
 The staff were all very professional and friendly which helped eith deny pre-surgical jitters that I might have been having.
 After the surgery I was taken to recovery where the nursing staff assigned to me were very warm and right there to answer any questions or assist me in any way.
 I was supposed to be admitted overnight but because the hospital was so busy I had to remain in recovery overnight.
 Nonetheless, my level of care never changed.
 The next morning I was discharged in a timely manner and was gone by 10:00 am.
 I received great care from all of the staff.
My poor review is based mostly on the incompetence of a PA and the attending.
 At the moment there was no actual ER so you had to walk in through the main entrance and get taken a few levels up to an actual unit.
 The triage was done very quickly, and despite having to sit in a wheelchair in the hallway for about an hour, the NA was very attentive and reassured me I would get a room quickly.
I was taken to the first open room and waited for about 30 minutes before the PA came in with a rather atrocious attitude.
 She was upset I wasn't lying in bed- who cares if I'm lying or sitting.
I tell her what is wrong and show her the discharge papers from White Plains hospital stating my diagnoses and she says I and the doctor at White Plains are wrong.
Fast forward to a week later when I got an MRI at Montefiore and I get diagnosed with something that necessitates an immediate neurosurgery review and possible spinal surgery.
Useless, irresponsible, and a number of other very bad things I won't say on Yelp are what I want to say about the medical professionals I dealt with that night.
 I learned that it doesn't mean you're smart just because you went to medical school.
 I sent them a scathing review in the mail.
 Be cautious- they don't always know what they're doing.
I had a great experience here.
My son had a surgery at the OR here and got transferred to the Pediatrics later on.
All the doctors and nurses I met are so nice and caring I almost forgot they are not my relatives or close friends.
I just wish their location is not so far away from subway or civilization.
I can't speak for anything except the orthopedic area on the 8th floor, but I kid you not when I say that this was one of the best hospital experiences of my life.
She did a thorough hand examination and X-Ray, followed up by the director/head doctor finishing my appointment up with an ultrasound, a cortisone shot, and by wrist splint fitting all within the hour.
I am simply amazed by the professionalism and courtesy I experienced.
The place overall is absolutely clean and stunning.
Excellent Physician and Surgeons, caring Nurses and professional Administration.
Definitely It deserves  more than Five stars.
My expectations are high and I was very pleased.
Words can not even capture the amazing experience I had at this hospital.
 Everyone there, staff, orderlies, dietary, doctors and particularly the nurses were amazing.
 I truly felt like I was and my son was in the best possible hands getting the best possible care.
 I will return to NYU Langone medical center for all future medical care based on my previous experience.
Good doctors but BEWARE their unethical billing.
This hospital cares more about profit than people.
  If you are woman and have United Healthcare and are thinking of NYU Maternal Fetal Care, watch out.
They see you as a cash machine.
Will charge you for medical trays during in office diagnostic procedures.
Friendliest medical center I have experienced in NYC.
 Every staff member and dr I have met with has been so friendly and open to anything you have to ask them.
The waiting times are a bit longer than other drs I have seen in the city but the attentiveness of the staff and willingness to help with your situation makes up for the waiting.
Besides you probably have your phone to play with the time that you are waiting anyways.
 They did, so my boo hailed a cab and we went.
 I've been in an emergency room before and, by far, this was the most efficient and visually pleasure ever.
 It took 5 minutes for me to see someone to take my initial vitals and get me a wristband.
 Once the IV was in place, I was swept upstairs in wheelchair service.
 The staff was attentive and caring to my needs when I was in their care.
 The nurses & PA were funny and tried to keep my mind off of my current situation.
 I was pleased with the care.
 Though, it did take over 30 minutes to get my lab results, I didn't fret.
 I was happy to be ok and was able to walk out with some prescriptions and a follow up with my Primary.
The worst hospital.
 My dad was here for a stroke and the negligent nurses didn't watch him and he ended up with a broken knee.
 I would not have anyone go there.
This is great maternity hospital.
 I delivered two babies [via c-section] at this hospital and had multiple incidents during my pregnancy where I had to go to the ER and maternity ER.
 At one point in my pregnancy I had to go to the hospital for monitoring every week for almost two months.
 I also had multiple tests done at this facility.
 The doctors and nurses are compassionate and friendly.
 They don't treat you like an annoyance.
 If you need a nurse, all you had to do was buzz and they would come quickly.
 They took excellent care of both my babies.
 The rooms and bathrooms were clean.
The only negative were the lactation consultants.
 They were way too pushy and not overly compassionate if you can't breastfeed.
So me and my friend which is in need to have her appendix taken out has been here for 15 hours in a hallway.
 The doctors told her her surgery was going to be at 7am and 4 hours later we are still in the hallway.
 I will make it a point to not come back here.
 The staff is friendly but that does not make up for the fact that we have not had a bed or any service in hours.
I had to rush to the NYU Langone ER yesterday for a medical emergency.
 I honestly can't believe how quick, kind, and professional everyone is in their ER.
 From their front desk staff, to their triage nurses, to their doctors, to their radiology technicians--all amazing.
 My ER doctor even called me this morning to check in to see how I'm feeling.
 While I hope I never have to visit the ER again anytime soon, NYU made this is relatively quick and painless experience and I thank them for that.
Seem to be med students put several injections in my spine that did not help at all my lower back pain, they ended telling me to try acupuncture.
  I asked to know prior how much my insurance would cover and paid the difference the day of the treatment.
  Two weeks later send another bill which I have been paying monthly (3 months), $60 left to pay today, I receive a note from a collection agency.
As a former employee of 19 years, I can truly say that this is an uncaring institution, but  with excellent PR.
  There are many great doctors, and many uncaring ones, there are wonderful nurses who do care, oh and us lab workers, we care too, and then there is the administration and the billers.
  Don't ask them to care, because they don't.
  Sadly a microcosm of our broken health care system.
Don't fall for all the advertising and media coverage that this hospital is one of the best.
Took relative here for surgery.
 Relative was not treated as whole person by some staff and some doctors.
 Reative was dehumanized and laughed at before surgery by some staff members.
 Nurses very abusive and rude and lack attentiveness.
One RA wrote a prescription which I was supposed to pick up right away from the downstairs pharmacy in the hospital.
 I was told information her ID# was missing and could not be filled.
 I explained how my relative just came out of surgery and could they contact the doctor.
 They refused to do so and made me leave my relative who just come out of major surgery in the lobby alone while I went upstairs to ask about the prescription.
 The nurse told me I would have to wait 20 minutes there to get a new prescription while my relative was waiting alone in the lobby.
If you or your relatives want to be dehumanized and laughed at by staff then this is the hospital for you.
 I regret taking my family member here it was a horrible, abusive experience.
 They don't care about people at all.
 my niece was born here, they took wonderful care of both of them.
The nurses were excellent and very sweet to my family.
and they said I was a much more handsome Uncle Ben.
 The staff, from the receptionist to the Dr , were not responsive to my vomiting and pleading for help removing something lodged in my throat.
 They were underwhelmed and very casual about what I perceived to be an urgent situation.
 There was one nurse, Frank Pancuso, who was attentive and helped expedite my getting an X-ray.
 In the end, I was able to rid myself of the object in my throat by making myself vomit profusely.
 They need to act more expeditiously and not ignore a frantic, terrified patient.
Dr Paula Rackoff is the most dedicated and amazing doctor.
I went to her unable to walk and am now living a completely normal life with barely a symptom of my RA.
She is also the most caring and responsive doctor I have ever had.
She gets back to me on weekends and evenings when I have a concern and is extremely caring.
Always listens and answers my questions.
She is brilliant and nonsense at the same time.
These people charge me more all the time.
 Before I went to my appointment I checked everything with the billing department.
 Now they are charging me $1200 for a procedure that should not cost anything.
 They charge all kinds of extra fees that they don't disclose that your insurance may not cover.
The quickest emergency room I have ever been to.
 The receptionist, Latiad, was very friendly and polite.
 The technician, Rachel, made me feel comfortable during the procedure.
 I had dreaded this visit and was pleasantly surprised how well everything went.
I dropped a knife on my foot and got a really big cut; so my husband rushed me to ER at NYU hospital.
 When the doctor was looking at the cut, I told him I couldn't lift the two middle toes.
 He didn't seem to concern and started stitching my wound.
 He ordered an x-ray to look at the bone but not the soft tissues or tendons.
 Waited for OVER TWO HOURS just to have the doctor spent not even ONE minute w/ me cutting the stitches (to be honest, anybody can do it themselves using a pair of clean and sharp scissors.
The rooms are filthy, and I wont even mention the bathrooms.
 My husband is crammed into a room that must have been designed for one bed.
 The medical staff  do know their stuff though and the nurses are sweet but overworked, The hospital is terribly under staffed, so relatives of the patients have to do most of the nursing, wash them, change bandages, gowns, sheets etc.
Today I think I will bring a mop so that I can wash the floor.
The professionalism that was shown to me over the course of this past year from the staff of dr.
 Condos office and kudos to talk to condos treated me with respect and kindness and spend time with me to discuss all my options I am very grateful to dr.
 Condos and her staff all they have done for me.
My experience in the Urgent Care department on Friday was amazing.
 They were kind, attentive and quite quick for an ER.
 She has to be one of the best GCP's I have ever went to.
 She is easy to talk to and always available to her patients either by phone or email.
 I recently was hit by a NYC cab while crossing the street and my first stop after going to the trauma center was to see Dr Kalick.
 She examined my whole body and had her staff set me up appointments with the appropriate specialists for all my injuries that also took the no fault insurance within NYU.
 Since my accident she has emailed and called me to see how I am doing physically and mentally.
 she has also been able to track my progress with the specialist thru NYU's smart chart system.
 Smart chart allows all the other doctors and the patient to see test results, current medications, medical history, allergies, appointments, etc.
Had a great experience in the Day Surgery unit.
 The staff eats friendly and efficient.
 My surgeon was excellent along with his staff, all went above and beyond to make me feel comfortable.
Very professional, patient-oriented and helpful staff.
 I've had several routine exams there and my experience has always been good.
 Even scheduling appointments is easy and I've always gotten friendly service.
I was taken to NYU urgent care last year after a serious injury and had problems with the care given, the process, the attitude and the unfair and unethical billing practices.
 Also unprofessional care and record keeping.
I had a serious and possible life threatening injury.
I was sent to urgent care which they use for their triage department and from there I was sent to the crazy emergency room that others have written about.
Considering the seriousness of my head injury I think  I received very poor medical care because I was never seen by a doctor, only residents with 3-4 years of learning to go.
Maybe that would be OK for some medical issues but not  something as serious as my injury.
After some tests the resident  told me that I was fine and would be released shortly.
Someone delivered papers for me to sign and then we left.
When I got home I received a call from the panicked resident who had been checking in on me begging me to return but would not tell me why.
She thought that I should do as she said for no apparent reason.
After hours in the ER I was not returning unless there was a good reason.
An RN then got on the phone and told me the seriousness of my injury.
Apparently,  the resident was mistaken when she told me that everything in the tests were fine and that  I would be released shortly.
When I returned she was very angry at me for leaving in the first place.
 Horrible patient care.
 Hippa violations everywhere and unprofessional staff
My sister admitted to hospital for constipation, Dr Tsai the resident doctor told her to give him three days to be treated.
 She also has brain cancer , but she was in stable condition because she has been taking natural supplements at home to control the tumor.
 After she got admitted, hospital didn't treat her, but prohibited her to take the natural supplements.
 Her condition gradually got worse.
When we complained to the nurse that we suspected she has coma, the nurse there didn't care or reported it to doctor.
 We have to bring the attention to one PA there.
 Back to that Dr Tsai is no where to be found or seen for the first three days after she admitted.
 They just want to keep patient there for at least 5 days in order to bill for more money.
 Don't ever go there if you want to live or be treated.
Thanks New York Presbyterian hospital for allNadine is the best nurse Thank you for take care my wife and daughter I give you 10 star for your service.
If I could give this place ZERO STARS I would.
 Worse hospital, worse doctors, worse service, worse everything.
 I am writing this review as I literally still sit here in this damn hospital.
 You will literally die waiting here.
 First off, my sister is almost 19 years old and was sent to the pediatric ward?
 Secondly, it has been 8 damn hours and nothing yet?
 Queens has the worse doctors and worse hospitals, they are known for this.
 If you have the time to drive to LIJ/North Shore, I advise that you do.
 Because everything here sucks, you will die waiting here.
 I'm honestly just disappointed by the inefficiency and lack of empathy.
 I'm not saying you need to care about these patients as family members but at least as human beings.
 Most people there are actually very anxious about their health.
 A smoothing comment of the doctor will be coming will do much more than a side glance with the same comment.
This is to thank everbody who took care of family.
 They were very nice and informative and helped my family to calm down the first night.
 The rest of the staff was very pleasant as well, and the place was very clean in comparison to other places I've seen.
Only issue was the parking.
At the time of my pregnancy I couldn't get insurance that would cover prenatal care and labor&delivery as it was considered a pre-existing condition prior to 2014 healthcare change.
My husband and I went to the hospital to inquire about the cost and they gave us a number we agreed upon to pay out of pocket: 1) $ for a full package for delivery; 2) $ per prenatal visit; 3) $ per sonogram.
Then the bills started rolling in, charging us twice the amount we agreed upon for prenatal care (which we paid out of pocket at each visit already) and hefty bills for labs that were never mentioned to us.
 I had to make endless phone calls in order to rectify the situation.
Some bills were fixed and some were not as I kept getting the run around.
For the bills that were not fixed, we ended up paying them anyway to avoid collection agency as it was taking too long to settle them and not one person could help us.
Not only did it cost us roughly $20K to have our baby, we were also charged a hefty physician bill that was never mentioned when we inquired about the costs at our first  visit.
The services stated on the physician bill are the same ones on our L&D bill.
In the end, we have to pay this bill too, making us paying over $20K, for a natural, non-complicated birth.
I wish the services were laid out in plain writing for us so we know what to expect and how to manage our finances.
 In addition, during my labor stay, I had to share a room.
 I couldn't sleep both nights as the other mother had her light on the whole time and her baby was just crying all night.
We were both first time mommies and the room was small and there was absolutely no privacy for either mother and our families.
Overall, it was just a bad experience that I'm glad had passed.
I came here twice and had surgery and the emergency doctors were really professional and had good bedside manners.
The surgeons were really good and experienced but the nurses all have very different personalities.
 Some come talk to you and offer you food, while others come every 5 hours and take forever to come when you press the buzzer.
 I am VERY upset that two nurses got into a verbal argument about who was going to clean me (I kid you not, I was shocked) and in the end, the nurse locked the nurse who was looking after me out of the room and she cleaned me.
 I should not have to experience something like this in a hospital, and even worse, by two paid professionals.
There is a lot of drama between the hospital nurses.
 Their system was incredibly disorganized.
 We had to wait in a messy crowd of people to be registered.
 I understand that there are more sick people waiting to be helped but the problem here was I did not see anyone else being attended to either.
 Literally everyone was just waiting.
 With that being said, we were not even updated on weather we would be seen soon or not.
 I don't understand the concept of making irritable emotional and sick people wait for HOURS before addressing their problems and then talking to them for ten minutes just to send them home.
 Why does it take you people hours to tell me something in ten minutes.
 There was just a bunch of people even sicker than us waiting to be seen by someone.
 I also understand it's night-time therefore the hospital is probably under staffed unlike as they are in the daytime.
 However, that does not mean people should be kicked into a corner.
 This hospital is unbelievable and if you are really sick don't go here to die.
 Please take the extra minuets to get to any other hospital in the city.
 I pray that others who go their can get better and that my brother isn't going through something serious.
Avoid emergency room visit, you're better off visiting any other ER that doesn't have a 6 plus hour wait (no exaggeration).
THE MOST Incompetent bunch of idiot nurses and doctors that work in this hospital.
 I'm not sure if he's still participating there, but he is great.
 He is super calm, patient, listens, thorough, and provides plenty of information pre- and post- surgery.
 His secretary is great also, don't go sign in at the small glass booth at the floor, just go directly to her little office down the hall.
 They are both very nice and work well together.
 The secretary returns messages promptly (with my scheduling and insurance questions) and Dr.
 Gayle returned my call promptly during the weekend, after surgery when I was having adverse reaction to the pain medication.
 He gave me a free wrist brace and prescribed me for 6 months of physical therapy after surgery, and two follow-up visits.
 This is was my second surgery for my problem and my previous doctor did not provide any of this, which most likely made the condition worse.
  If I remember correctly, the hand clinic only ran once or twice a month and gets booked quickly, I suggest not delaying scheduling.
My mom has been admitted here a few times and it's been nothing but good experiences.
 The hospital is clean compared to others I've seen, the staff is pretty friendly and helpful with any requests.
 The ER is busy but seems to move and function.
 The nurses have alway been nice to my mom and made her feel comfortable.
 The staff has never give us a hard time about how many visitors ( it's always been me, hubby and my dad visiting).
 Even though each time my mom was admitted it was nerve wracking for us, the hospital always ensured she was taken care of and she's had great experiences.
Friendly, courteous staff whose kindness matched with knowledge is appreciated from someone who is visiting as a patient in any hospital for the first time.
Not giving five stars only because there is a slight tension between the nurses and doctors which I felt, and at sometimes was uncomfortable when asking for certain things.
Was late posting review as could only save as draft on phone - update 4  months later-  everything appears to be in working order .
I had a great birthing experience overall.
 They were very accommodating and helped me soooo much, it was a great stay and my baby girl was born very healthy.
 They tried to have me as natural as possible although I went into labor 3 weeks early.
 I had to be induced many many hrs after letting me try on my own.
 I stayed for 2 days and they were short and great.
 The only issue I had was one they did not allow my husband to stay overnight.
 I felt so lost and sad the entire night since my baby cried and cried and I was alone.
 The food was pretty good (considering).
 The nurses were THE BEST.
 However, one thing that upset me was that they took my baby for many many hrs and wouldn't give her back to me.
Excellent compassionate hospital.
 Everyone really caters to your needs.
 Highly recommended.
Horrible doctors.
 Horrible and rude desk workers.
 I'm actually just leaving there after trying to have my follow up exam for my injury again only for it to be denied again.
 I got my insurance settled and they still wouldn't accept me.
 This place is making me hate hospitals more.
  My husband had a total hip replacement on March 8th and was finally released from the hospital to rehabilitation on March 21st the journey was a nightmare at best.
  They pumped him with so much pain medication(morphine and oxys) plus his high blood pressure medication, his blood pressure plummeted over several days.
  Unless I changed his gown and washed him, he would have remained filthy.
  His bedding pad was soaked in urine that he laid on from the morning until I came to for a visit after work.
  The hospital did not attend to his bandage for days after the surgery until I finally wrote to the administration office complaining of poor care and concern that his bandage appeared very dirty and oozing.
  I had brought that matter to the doctors' and nurses attending him verbally for a few days before I wrote my letter but they said they don't touch the bandages.
  He developed a hematoma and had to go back to the OR for additional surgery on a Friday afternoon.
  No one informed me or my husband prior of any concerns and gave us any information after that it was just a precautionary move.
 It was very frightening.
  I found out through the rehabilitation facility doctor afterwards that it was a hematoma.
  I specifically requested a rehabilitation facility that was highly recommended in my area for my husband to go to yet the hospital social worker repeatedly tried to talk me into one that had a poor rating and very poor recommendations from people I knew who had gone to.
  I had to call the facility I asked for myself to make arrangements for my husband to come.
  The SW on her own, went ahead and sent out my husband's insurance information to the other undesirable facility any way, and told me she did so because she couldn't get him into the one I wanted.
  I made one phone call and got him in.
  She argued with me any way and forced me to have to put into writing a request that she revoke the request to the one SHE wanted him to go to.
  In the end, she continued to get him sent to the facility of her choice by calling me at my job in Manhattan to tell me that he was being discharged in an hour or so and that they HAD to send him to the facility she originally chose.
  After a round of phone calls, 10-15 roughly, I found out that my husband was in fact NOT discharged by the doctor.
  I received a voicemail around 6:20  from the SW's supervisor apologizing for the misunderstanding and promising to call me back in the morning to discuss further.
  I never received a call from her and went about my work day when I received a frantic call from my husband saying they were discharging him in an hour and he was told he was going to the dreaded facility indeed and that I needed to get to the hospital ASAP.
  When I called the SW and asked for clarification she said either he goes there or he gets released to me directly and that I needed to get to the hospital immediately.
  That was physically impossible for me to do.
  Knowing that my husband was incapable of walking without a walker, he had just had the surgery to remove the hematoma and was still on morphine and oxys.
 I reached out to implore the Administration Office's help to intercede.
  The woman who answered the phone has such a heavy accent I could barely understand her.
 When I began to introduce myself and ask for help she cut me off to say she had a personal call from overseas and had to say good bye.
  I called back and she told me that she was still on her call with London and saying good bye so I would have to hold.
  This time I was put on hold and not cut off.
  When she got back on the line, I asked for a counselor or an administrator to talk to and she told me she was it.
  Doubtful but knowing this was the last hope I had left at my disposable, I jumped into the story of my situation.
  She said she would call the doctor and call me back.
  I waited 10-15 very long and uncomfortable minutes and called her back.
  She said she didn't get a chance to call anyone yet and that's when I had a complete MELT DOWN.
  I was able to get to the hospital before they transferred him to the new facility where he is doing very well.
  It took me days to unwind the knotted up nerves in my stomach from my experience with NewYork Presbyterian Queens Hospital.
  Got out alive.
The hospital is very clean, spacious, and new.
 There is a nice seating area in the main lobby.
The staff is very nice for the most part.
 However, the wait time for appointments is incredibly long.
 Even if you have an appointment, you will have a minimum wait time of 45 mins - 1 hour.
 That's just how it is.
 And when you get to the appointment, the actual visit is just less than 15-30 minutes.
Remember to bring something fun to do for your wait.
All I have to say is thank god my mom survived her visit here 15 years ago when she was first diagnosed with type 1 diabetes in a diabetic coma.
 Plus glad we know 2 nurses in the ER so we are not neglected, they have been generally good.
I admitted my mother here after having a pretty severe stroke.
 I live 2 blocks from Elmhurst hospital but after us both being there several times I already knew that was not the place my mother was going to go again.
 I asked the Paramedics to take her someplace else and we chose the former booth memorial hospital now known as new york hospital of queens.
 What a huge difference just being  in a different part of queens is in terms of hospital quality.
 This hospital is like night and day compared to Elmhurst hospital or to even other hospitals in the NYC area.
 Everything is super clean and new looking and some of the rooms have pretty nice views if your bed is on the right side of the room to see anything.
 I feel my mom is getting good care here and I am very relieved to know that.
Horrible doctors and expect to die from pain if you are in the emergency room.
  I came to this hospital for help as I was having severe pain on my right lower rib cage area.
 I am coming to your hospital because I am in severe pain and need pain meds and help and  you as a physician think that I am lying about my pain.
After several scans were done, GUESS what, I actually had a 6.
1 mm gallstone lodged in my duct (causing major pain) and had it removed via ercp.
 The stupid doctor read my results and findings after my ercp and NEVER apologized to me.
 He felt Initially that I was lying about my pain and here is actual proof that I did have pain and no apologies.
 I will never return to this hospital.
 Doctors here are arrogant, rude and non sympathetic.
 I work at a major health insurance company and definitely will not recommend ANY of my members to this facility for treatment.
My mother was in this hospital for three weeks this past spring.
  It was her final illness, and she had been a patient at Mt.
 Sinai Queens and New York Hospital Cornell prior.
  She had by far the best care at NYHQ.
 The nursing staff is dedicated and skilled.
  They were wonderful with my mother, and always took the time to keep my family and me informed.
 This is where I would want to be if I were injured or sick.
 I'm glad this is my neighborhood hospital.
  I found the hospital staff to be very helpful, cheerful and knowledgable.
  The room he was in was clean and had a nice view of Flushing Meadow Park.
  The hospital, although slightly difficult to navigate was clean as well and no matter who I asked for directions, they were all willing to help.
  Parking can be difficult, there are Muni Meters on the streets surrounding the hospital and then residential side streets around the hospital.
To me this is my opinion, New York Hospital hands down of the better Hospitals in the great state of NY.
 I been here a couple times when my wife was pregnant with my baby boy.
 The ER was clean the service was fast we were in the ER for about 15 mins, and everybody knows in a NY Hospital ER 15 mins is flipping fast.
 The staff was great.
 Once we told the ER nurse my wife was pregnant they took care of us fast as Hell.
 The only thing that sucks here is never any parking.
Ok hospital food in general sucks, so I'm not even deducting stars for such a miniscule  flaw.
  I had my daughter at NYHQ 6.
5 weeks ago and I honestly had the best stay and labor in this hospital.
  The amazing nurses and PA's they have on staff the stars at NYHQ.
  I was constantly checked on and made sure I was comfortable.
  I was having a hard time breastfeeding and the PA's and lactation consultants on staff were on top of everything to make sure I didn't get discouraged.
  It was my first birth so I have nothing to compare it to, if for some reason I ever had to give birth in a different hospital, they are going to have a lot to live up to because of NYHQ.
 My room was always maintained.
  There was always someone around to answer whatever question I had, I didn't want to leave.
 Love the hospital, I was given a big room to accommodate my large family and my daughter was taken such good care of.
  Thank you NYHQ and staff especially nurses; Ana and Sabeen (Sabeen, you were fantastic during my labor.
 You're an amazing coach and made my labor quick and pretty much painless.
 2 hours after being discharged from the ER.
 First off, I believe every hospital/emergency room/medical facility available to the public will have the same common complaints.
 Wait time, cleanliness, and friendliness of employees.
 My wait time was a bit longer than I probably would've liked but it was nothing too extreme.
 All of the staff was completely pleasant and hospitable.
 I would say that my only complaint would probably be the cleanliness of certain areas.
 Upon waiting for a doctor, I noticed a urine sample sitting on a biohazard waste bin.
 To have someone's urine just sitting there in the open seems a bit.
no, a lot bit, unsanitary and unprofessional.
 My other complaint would be directed towards the actual people who were in the waiting area.
 Not everyone comes in the ER for the same symptoms.
 Grown adults just coughing all out in the open without a care in the world.
 Other than that, and the homeless woman who plopped down RIGHT beside me and seemed to have wasted on herself, I'd say this was a great hospital.
 Just a side note, there's some great places to eat in the area in case you get hungry after your stay and don't want cafeteria style food.
If God forbid some has to go to a hospital , than is the place to be.
 PACU staff is extremely knowledgeable with every detail , professional and oh so friendly .
 Andre is very  intelligent and highly skilled individual .
excellent hospital with knowledgable staff.
 caring doctors are everywhere.
 excellent hospital comparing to other neighborhood hospital around the city.
I chose NewYork-Presbyterian Lower Manhattan Hospital because 3 couples I know had positive experiences here and for the private room rate.
 So I gave birth to my first child here and also had a great experience.
I think the best part about this hospital is the phenomenal staff and service- all of whom were warm, professional, and attentive.
 Fredel who monitored me, made sure I was recovering OK, and discharged me.
 Jessica, night nurse, who checked me in on the first night and calmed me down during my excruciating contractions.
 Renee, my labor nurse, was so calm and patient throughout my entire birth.
 She took the time to explain everything that she was doing.
 Edi, my first postpartum nurse ensured no-one else shared a room with me (thank you.
 Rena, a complete ray of sunshine who was always so positive and sweet.
 Meredith and Kayliah were my discharge nurses who were also sweet and kind.
 Joyce and Danielle were both very helpful and informative lactation consultants.
Private rooms, which are first come first serve and not covered by insurance, are $385/night.
This is super affordable compared to other hospitals in Manhattan.
I was fortunate to get a private room the last night, and I liked how comfortable, clean, and spacious it was compared to the shared room.
Delivery room is very spacious.
Recommend the Blueberry Pancakes and Corn Muffins for breakfast service.
The food was OK- standard hospital food and not very memorable.
The shared rooms are a little grungy and really cramped, there's barely any room for visitors.
 There was no moderate comfortable lighting.
either pitch black or super intense bright light.
 I was lucky to not have shared a room with anyone, but if I did it would have dampened my experience.
 Make sure to bring an empty duffle bag to bring as much hospital stuff as you can home, they give you a lot of things and anything you don't take home they discard anyways.
Phenomenal service.
 I was recently at this hospital because I had surgery done here.
 To be completely honest, I never knew that this hospital existed at this location.
 After doing some research, I found out that this hospital went through several name changes and in 2013, fully merged with New York Presbyterian.
 I spent a total of four days at this hospital and was extremely pleased with the level of service that I received EVERY DAY and I felt like royalty and my name was Queen Paulina temporarily lol.
 From the kitchen to the PCAs to the nurses, New York Presbyterian has exemplary employees who are excellent and love what they do.
 I'm actually happy that my surgeon is affiliated with this hospital.
 There are several local  hospitals that should follow their successful path in ensuring that patients leave satisfied and well.
 Job well done New York Presbyterian-Lower Manhattan.
Yee Gee, Suzanna, and Giacoma were incredibly kind and helpful nurses who went over the top to help my grandmother when she was hospitalized.
 The food-ordering service for patient meals is very ineffective.
 Orders are always wrong, and if you ask for a food item that they forgot, you won't get it until 5 hours later.
 It's also hard to have to call and order your food because there's so much room for error.
 Might be easier to just let patients choose on a screen.
Side note: please stop referring patients to VILLAGECARE (214 W HOUSTON ST).
 Care is so bad there that most patients end up having to be rushed back to the hospital due to negligence from the nurses working there.
Stayed in this hospital twice.
  Doctors and Nurses were very professional, effective and caring, but my room was literally filthy at times.
  I refused to use the room's bathroom at one point, due of some kind of gross filth left on the toilet AFTER cleaning.
  Also, the paper towel dispenser had some kind of expectorant on it that, despite my repeated requests, was never fully cleaned.
 Bottom line, the compassion of the medical staff might rate NYP higher than 3 stars, but the overall experience does not.
I arrived in NYC on Thursday afternoon and had received several calls from my doctor that my potassium was dangerously high.
 We tried to find the drug I would need to take at a pharmacy but it was late and we couldn't find it.
 As it turned out, I was fine and the earlier test was not accurate.
 I was in and out in a little over an hour.
 And they were busy.
 I saw how several health care professionals interacted with other patients and I was very impressed with all of them.
 I would highly recommend this facility.
Stay away from this hospital.
 Literally was in labor and it was like they could not care less.
 Did not check me or baby due to overcrowding for hours.
 It is essentially malpractice as to how they operate and should be investigated by the state.
  Shame on Weil Cornell for allowing this to happen.
 I plan on reporting this hospital to all city and state agencies.
I delivered my baby girl at New York Presbyterian Lower Manhattan Hospital.
 This review only speaks about my experience during this time.
 DeliveryI had a good experience during the delivery portion of my stay.
 I was emitted very quickly and had a room all to myself.
 The nurses were very nice and checked in on me every so often and chatted up with me.
 When I elected to get an epidural, the nurse held my hand as I had to fight the contraction pain so I can stay still for the epidural needle.
 The food service attendant was great and provided me with all the clear liquids I needed and more.
 When it came to the actual delivery, there were plenty of staff and doctors on deck to coach me through the process.
 I couldn't have done it without them (and my husband of course).
 Right after the delivery, they all left the room to give my husband, my baby and i some private time to celebrate her arrival.
 Although the nurses were very nice, I didn't feel like I got the same level of attention or assistance that I needed.
 For example, I wanted to breastfeed and asked for a lactation consultant (who supposedly was available 24/7).
 The response I got was that the lactation consultant was not in.
 I later find out after 2 days of asking was that there were no lactation consultant that were in the hospital and it was not properly communicated to me.
 Instead, I did get some tips from the nurses but they were only tips and the nurses couldn't spend a good amount of time coaching you through the process.
 Let me just say that breastfeeding without proper guidance is painful.
 Also, in the evenings no one asked if I wanted the baby in the nursery overnight.
 I had wanted that and when I asked for them to take my baby to the nursery , one of the nurses came back and said they were understaffed and I would have to keep the baby here.
 Small, dated rooms, extortionate prices, terrible food and their marketing team are stupid enough to buy the concept of a magazine.
 As if anyone cares.
 Some poor person has probably had to pay for it with their bankruptcy- disgusting.
 Youre a necessary evil, not a desirable product.
 Total healthcare capitalists.
anything to keep you in another night at $9,000 room and board.
 Avoid like the plague - unless of course you have the plague.
This is for delivering my child (maternity care / OBGYN).
Overcrowded.
 After I gave birth, there was no bed, so I spent a night in a recovery room without much oversight from nurses.
 Nobody knew I was left in the recovery room and I did not get any check by nurse throughout the night and no breakfast until ~11am next morning until a nurse walked by noticed that I did not have breakfast.
 When I was in the recovery room, there was a woman getting Epi on the other side of the curtain because there is no delivery room- Dirty facility.
 We got a private room for the 2nd and 3rd night ($400 a night).
 The price is reasonable for Manhattan hospital, but it was dirty.
 It was so painful.
Day shift nurses are great and friendly- No problem with payment- Doctor who did my c-section was greatI will not give birth again in this hospital.
AWEFUL place for emergencies.
 It is an absurd that they actually run an ER.
 Poorly trained people with bad attitude.
I came with my wife due to a miscarriage.
 It was a very delicate situation a we could not have been treated worst.
 First of all, all bathrooms that my wife had to use were dirty.
 Very dirty.
 Second, we had to wait more than two hours for a ultrasound.
 Not enough, when we asked what could we do, they said we could walk out or wait, but if we walked out my wife should not take the IV needle that she had on her arm with her.
 If you have options, please avoid this place.
Horrible labor and delivery department.
 I felt some gush of liquid called my doctor she said to come get checked.
 I waited more than 4 hours.
 I am 38 1/2 weeks pregnant, they said they were taking cases based on severity but they took someone 27 weeks pregnant who wasn't felling her baby move, well so wasn't I butt they took her checked jet and discharged her hours before they saw me.
 I will not recommend this place to anyone.
 Other women who I saw come in were in labor while waiting in waiting area.
Worst experience ever.
 This is my first time do my sonogram at this hospital, I can't believe how slack all those people are (most of the time they are chatting).
 I arrive 15 min prior my appointment, then I submitted all my info and waiting at the seating area.
 It was full house when I first got in, so I understand there might be some wait time, but I notice even people after me also went in, so I start to question if they missed me by accident.
 Then they said each patient might see different things thats why the timing is varies.
 After that I was sent to another room shortly and wait again.
 People over there are just chatting and walk in and out of the room without asking if I need any help.
 At the end when I start complaining for the long wait (another 10 min at least), there was a lady with a not so nice tone talked to me and asked me to follow her.
 End up she is the technician for my sonogram and she was using her hand to move my face rudely to get the sonogram done.
 Not to mention that she was coughing without mask the whole time while doing the sonogram.
 I assume she is sick and thats why she wasnt in a good mood to her patient.
 Now I'm getting home and feeling sick.
I hope you never ever have to come to this emergency room.
 I went in at 500 PM on Wednesday I was finally able to get a hospital room on Thursday at 1000 PM (It took them another hour to actually get me into said room).
While I was there the staff was rude, inconsiderate and just plain mean.
 This comment goes to all emergency room staff-nurses, doctors and janitorial and whoever else was down there not doing their job.
The janitorial staff is lazy.
I watched one janitor knock things off a food try walk off with what she could carry and just left the rest on the ground.
She never came and pick anything up that she dropped.
Wrappers from any medical supplies left all over the floor (Syringe wrappers, gauze packets, alcohol prep swabs.
The floors are just dirty with leftover spilled items all over the place.
The bathroom was filthy.
I was in so much pain so my lazy ER doc offered me some more morphine and it just sat there on my bed for 45 mins not injected into my IV.
These women and men are not warm or caring they are overrun by patients and so perhaps there are just not enough nurses.
 They are very rough on their patients  grabbing and shoving needles, gabbing arms roughly (there is nothing gentle about their touch).
 One of my nurses was clearly not comfortable with putting a second IV in so she passed me onto another nurse (then how can you be a nurse?
 One nurseI had was more interested in a gym membership that this guy was offering rather than tending to me.
It seemed like the guy just hung out at the hospital.
 I also threw up in a pan while I was there and instead of getting rid of it I had to sit next to the pan with my bile in it for over an hour.
Doctors: Mean: They are rude there is no kindness to their voice or their demeanor--this is where the crappy doctors go (good bedside manner ZERO).
to this ER because they are too socially retarded to be a doctor except in an ER.
 My husband was able to check in with me at each step of the way, and I thought all the hospital staff acted very considerately toward him.
 They even offered him a drink and a snack.
 I would definitely elect to have a procedure there again, if needed.
 I think most of the negative reviews pertain to the ER, which is usually pretty bad/crowded/hectic no matter where you go.
Fractured my ankle and had a good experience at the ER in the day time.
 I returned a week later to the ER at night and it seemed like everyone was just out out of it.
 The doctor would give me one answers and wouldn't look at me.
 It was a very uncomfortable experience.
 I felt like I went there for no reason because he didn't tell me anything about my pain.
Beaton and his staff are top notch doctors not only are they extremely professional they are caring and attentive as well.
From the minute I walked in to the second I left, I felt like I was in safe hands.
 The nurses and staff were nothing short of amazing.
 So happy to have such a great hospital in my neighborhood.
Had to make a trip to the ER on a Saturday and could not have been more pleased with the experience.
 Every single member of the staff we interacted with was kind, cheerful and helpful and we were in and out in less than an hour.
This is specifically for radiology, but this is geared more to my overall visit.
 I first called the radiology department asking for their hours or if I was required to make an appointment and the receptionist was not only rude, but did not understand my pretty reasonable questions.
 I decided to swing by in the late afternoon on a weekday to beat the lunch rush BUT the few people waiting ahead of me either did not bring their proper identification OR their doctor referrals (which are literally the only documentations you need).
 The staff wasted an unbelievable amount of time essentially explaining how a hospital/doctor's office works to the other patients.
 Something is obviously missing in terms of management - seems like they are a bit understaffed in reception as well as perhaps unclear with preparing patients for their appointments.
 While the staff is friendly and in good spirits, this is an completely unacceptable wait time.
Honestly it use to have the best emergency room.
 Short wait times.
 Friendly front desk service and efficient doctors and nurses.
 Fast forward to now.
 it's a bunch of staff members moving like snails, looking as if they don't want to be there.
 It's honestly disgusting and sad.
 They need to fire the whole emergency room staff and start from scratch with people that have a passion for this line of work.
 They've definitely down graded smh.
 After waiting almost 5 hours, we were escorted to a room that was dirty.
 Someone's urine cup was literally still sitting on the counter.
 They only care about profits and no actual care at all.
They keep you waiting in the triage area forever and they dismissed all your symptoms as minor.
 I went there with pneumonia and they told me that I was fine, I ended up going to Maimonides Medical center and they properly diagnose me.
So I left a review that outlined the staff's inefficiency, incompetency, and poor practices.
 For some reason that review was changed to Methodists Vein Clinic.
 Some sketchy practices to prevent these reviews from being seen.
 Terrible treatment.
 So sad because back in the day this was one of the best hospitals in BK.
Very, very poor care.
 Tests ordered on Thursday not done until Saturday night after stating was checking out against medical advise.
 Nurses were very slow to respond to nurse call button, food was horrific.
 I was there 3 days and lost 8 lbs, the food was cold on delivery, some appeared very undercooked.
 Most employees w were very hard to understand and rude.
 Discharged me with needed antibiotics sent to a closed pharmacy and when I called to get them sent to another pharmacy was told they couldn't find the doctor.
 I left to return to my state for much, much better care.
 Will never voluntarily go there again.
We arrived at 6 am in the emergency room and by 4:30 pm were still waiting for blood work results, meanwhile my sister had trouble breathing.
 There's no sense of urgency here.
My husband developed appendicitis on Thanksgiving Day and it was crazy.
We waited the whole day thinking it would be better since we thought it was a stomach virus or something else.
 I kept giving him remedies and googling what it could be.
 His pain was increasing as the hours were going by.
 He threw up 3 times and at midnight we decided to go to the emergency room.
This wasn't the closer hospital we had, but since it was going to be our first time ever at an emergency room I wanted to go to a place that at least the name was familiar and had a reputation.
 We used to visit the Columbia Presbyterian Hospital in Washington Heights, so I did some research and found the Methodist.
As soon as we got there, the lady in the front desk took the information and they were kind of fast with the first check-up.
 After that we waited at least 30 mins to be called inside and had a bed assigned to him.
The nurses and helpers we're very attentive during his stay.
 Beginning at the ER where he was really cold with fever coming and going and asking for extra blankets and pillows.
 They gave him everything.
 The doctors were coming and going and he was still laying there.
 It was until around 4am that they knew it was appendicitis, even though I told them way before that we knew he had all the symptoms.
 Ali Hirra, she was very informative, and nice.
 The whole staff was wonderful after the surgery they kept me informed of what was happening and how he was improving.
 I would like to thank RN Elena on the 7th floor, she went above and beyond.
 Plus all the other nurses who also helped a lot when I asked for a room transfer.
I am surprised to see so many bad reviews.
 The service overall was great, clean facilities and friendly staff.
 However, I know that may change when we get the bill that we haven't received.
 Then we decided to go to Manhattan branch 505 70th street.
 The best treatment and care, my mom had finished her X ray and treatment in about one hour and half.
 Be careful to where you go.
 This branch is an absolute shit.
Brought my son in because he was injured in the face.
 The doctors did not know how to address the issue bc aside from his face there was also damage to his gums.
 It took them two hours to determine that the stitches on his gums would need to be done by a dental surgeon and the stitches on his face would need to be done by a plastic surgeon.
 After being sent to the dental side of the hospital I came back to the emergency room only to be told that there was a plastic surgeon coming from another town and that he was coming for someone else at 1am.
 Two and a half hours away from the current time.
 The nurse had the nerve to ask me if that was ok.
My Type 1 diabetic husband went to Methodist Hospital emergency room today at his doctor's request.
He has a serious diabetic ulcer on his foot.
He spent 8 hours on a gurney in a hallway with no food, water, medication or bathroom access.
He is now in a temporary overflow room with no blankets, pillows, towels or soap.
Have two bad experiences here, one in the clinic and one in the ER, both times my wait times were pretty bad, but especially at the ER which seemed super over crowded.
The WIFI in the place is beyond teeriable.
 It cuts in and out constantly and feels like dial up most of the time.
 it's fine for checking emails but don't think you gonna stream Netflix or anything like that.
 Of course no problem, every bed has it's own TV and for the low low price of $10 you can watch TV for that one day.
 Let me be clear, not 24 hours , just that day.
 If you turn it on at 9pm, it gets shit off at Midnight.
 It's clear to me they are porpalu finding the internet for patience to force you to buy their outrageously overpriced TV service.
 The staff here is great and you will get good treatment, but perpare to get bent over if God forgive you want to watch an episode of family Guy or in my case The NBA playoffs.
 Hopefully I am discharged tomorrow.
 You charge thosands of dollars a day to be in here and your gonna charge me for TV?
 Just sleezy.
Worst ER dept ever.
 Went in Wednesday night complaining of chest pain and neck discomfort.
 Sat 7 hours and after that the doctor only wanted to run radiographs.
Nice place to go if you want to die.
 Anyway i went to this hospital because i developed a rogue pins and needles condition on my left leg accompanied by bulging veins.
 Im sorry but you do not need to be a doctor to know this is a red flag.
 The nurse assistant in the E.
 began by giving me a quick vitalw check.
 She checked my heart on the right side of my chest (because im an alien) i was watching her check my heart on the wrong side for more then 5 seconds.
 The only reason i went to the E.
 here is because i thought it was the wisest choice.
 The doctor told me to go home and put my leg up to induce circulation.
 This is malpractice.
This is what the doctor could have done.
Given me a thorough diagnosis to reveal the cause.
Given me an EMG, sonogram on the leg, medicine (other then ibuprofen) to encourage blood circulation.
 I  have no other option then to go to a real hospital (LIJ).
To make things worst after being at this shjt hole hoslital for more then 4 hours they tried to make me stay to wait for the paper work.
Adding insult to literal injury.
 I will follow up this review with the names of the medical (professionals, thats a laugh.
whom took a look at me and the second opinion of LIJ medical (real professional) staff.
The Cardiology unit took very good care of me.
 While busy, and there was a wait to see some people after the initial admission I was treated great and everyone is friendly.
The wait here is ridiculous with an appointment.
 How they took 1 hour to check me into my own appointment it's crazy.
 Appointments are made for a reason & If you make it on time to your appointment they should take you on the spot to proceed with your procedure.
Been here 8 hours and still waiting here with my friend for a simple ultrasound on her eye.
 The only doctor who can do it is busy doing a hip replacement.
 This makes no sense.
 All the staff here seems to mill about casually.
 And I spoke to this doctor while he was sitting at his workstation hours ago, and he mentioned nothing about this procedure taking this long.
 Scheduled a appointment gave them my prescription from doctor with description of procedure required.
 In two weeks came there for scheduled appointment and front desk told me they don't know what procedure doctor requested and they lost my prescription and I have to request it from doctor again and come next time.
 So I've spent two hours to get there and half an hour in line to hear that they lost my prescription.
 Awful experience.
The facility is clean, no bad smells.
 All the tests were done before 11:20pm and the last one was cat scan and the result should be out within half hour.
 Dr was not busy, just seating infront a computer and chatting to people around her.
 I walked up to her around 11:45pm and she said she would talk to us soon.
 More than one hour wait around 1:15am, she basically told us nothing she can help.
 At this poiny, I expressed my concerns and my mom was disappointed only wanted to know if she needed to continue taking antibiotic medicine that was prescribed by her primary Dr.
 She already ran out of patient and did not want to answer any questions.
She seeked the medical student for helps and asked him to speak Mandarin with my mom.
 The medical student spoke for Dr but Dr was standing aside listening and did not say a word.
 This med student told my mom to continue taking the antibodies until the last pill.
 I asked him if the urine test came out normal.
 He answered even if it was normal still needed to continue taking the antibodies until the prescription was all consumed.
 I don't know his statement is true or false, but I would wish this question was answered by a Dr.
 At the end of the conversation, Dr Bess thanked the med student, and complained about me and my mom's questions and concerns.
 This behavior is very unrespected and unprofessional.
 My mom did not get a bed so we were waiting on chairs and not far from where the Dr seated and I can totally hear what they said and discuss.
 Maybe ER is all the same, but I just wanted to tell the facts of what I have been through this time.
 The whole process took three hours.
 All administrative and medical staff were friendly, empathetic, and efficient.
 Obviously, I was fortunate to have come in when the place was a little less busy, but I still felt well-attended to, and am very appreciated.
 Shout out to Stephen in podiatry/orthopedic.
 Almost unable to breathe, I had to take an Uber to this hospital as a suggestion from a doctor friend I have.
 She (the referring doctor) told me it's the best hospital in the borough; she wanted me to let her know what I thought after everything was said and done.
 Because I'm on some medication that has me kind of wonky with my sleep schedule - I'm writing this at 3am - I thought I'd share it with more folks: whoever is still reading this.
Best experience I've ever had in a hospital.
 I can't walk into a hospital without crying because I had many people in my family die in a hospital bed; this trip I think changed that mentality.
 The doctor I was given was one of the nicest people I've met in a while.
 She listened to me while I spoke, and understood my reasonings as to why I wanted a different course of treatment then what she had presented.
 We were both happy with the outcome.
 I felt respected, listened to, and most importantly now: much better.
You listened and made me feel comfortable.
 I appreciate that on a day I certainly won't forget anytime soon.
I'm reviewing the Prepared Childbirth Class at Methodist.
 I wasn't sure what to expect since the price was great, I believe $175 per couple and includes a Hospital tour and breastfeeding class.
 This class was fantastic.
 The nurse  that ran the course has been at Methodist for 18 years.
 She had a ton of knowledge and was hire energy for all 8 hours.
 While the technology was low fi, old tv with videos and old graphic posters, the content was very helpful and she presented it in a way that wasn't overwhelming or too scientific.
 There were 14 people in the class, 7 couples which was great.
 We got an hour break between 3-4 for food, so eat some lunch, bring lots of snacks and bottle to refill water.
 Highly recommend this and the value beats Birthday Presence.
 Also the 1 day class, while it was long wasn't too much information.
 In fact, I feel like if it was split out you wouldn't feel like you learned the full process/picture of birth.
 All together was great.
 Today, however I've been here almost two hours, the doctor came, looked at her and the tube and said he would be right back.
 When I arrived, it was very quiet and there were plenty of doctors around.
 Now apparently there were back to back traumas so a simple procedure like replacing a peg tube has to wait because this doctor is the only doctor in the E.
 that can change a peg tube, a simple procedure that takes at the most 10 minutes.
 I understand traumas come into emergency rooms, but it seems to me that simple procedures should be taken care of quicker, so this would free if doctors when major traumas come in.
 Or maybe have a few doctors available for the non-trauma emergencies in the Emergency Room.
My Mother in law went to this ER after she fell down our flight of stairs.
12 hours later and she is still there and doesn't know anything.
These people are horrible, and I thought this hospital was supposed to be good.
 Need for more security walking around constantly I filed a formal complaint and asked to have security check cameras.
 I was taken care of by the most amazing nurse, Amy Liu, who made me feel at home.
 Her and I instantly connected and her confidence made me at ease.
 I was also seen by a resident and an attending.
 There was a lot of waiting as everything took a long time due to there being enough doctors but they ended up knocking me out with propofol in order to reduce my dislocation.
 My bike was stored safely with security which I retrieved the next day.
 I was also able to get a CD of my X ray without a problem and received my medical records that I ordered within the same week.
The only way i can describe this place is hell you can wait hours for nothing the nurses are racist anti Semites they laugh  you in the face anyway i don't think that there are any hospital in new York city better than this so bottom line make sure not to have to go to a hospital in if you have too i don't think this is the right place to go i don't think that thay even deserveTo be rated for 1 star
 As a typical amalgam of buildings added over time and being between numbered avenues and numbered streets, it is difficult to find the proper entrance.
 However, some departments have senior clerks who cannot give proper instructions.
  Initially they gave me a prescription for anitbiotics and motrin and the resident said that was all i needed for pain.
  I explained to him that i was in an enormous amount of pain and had to beg for a pain killer and he said ok fine will give you a couple of pain killers for a couple of days, and initially he said he would put an order in for a pain killer at that moment but it never came.
  Just imagine having a cut under your big toe right by the crease where it bends, and the doctors had to give you 6 lidocaine shots in the toe and use a scalpel to re-open the cut, but that was not enough and they had to open the cut even more and dig through to find two little sharp pieces of a clam shell that was very deep in the toe, they had to give me 4 stitches to close it up, wrapped up my entire foot, gave me a walking boot, gave me a caine, and took an hour with two doctors/residents to finally get it out.
  Dont you think your toe would be in immense pain after two hours when the lidocaine wore off?
  Apprently no one at the hospital thought so, i was sweating, cringing, moving my leg up, moving my leg down, and i couldnt stop moving from the pain.
  They will let you leave without pain medicine even if your pain is 10 out of 10.
I have never experienced such abysmal standards of cleanliness and patient care in my life.
 The hospital was filthy.
 There were splatters of vomit on wall, trash on the floors, and nothing even resembled a sanitary environment.
The level of care was even more upsetting.
 The nurses were unkind and unresponsive to patient needs.
 They left my sister unconscious in a hallway for 25 minutes.
 The staff seemed bored and uninterested in patient care.
 The doctors were hurried, missed several key symptoms, got the diagnosis wrong, and seemed irritated that my sister hadn't just died yet.
Never take yourself or anyone you care about to NY Methodist.
I'm not sure why all the crappy reviews.
 I came into the ER last night at 11pm to visit a friend who had gotten into a gnarly bike accident.
 In her words, her hand was disfigured and she would never be able to use it again, but that was probably just the morphine talking.
 Once we arrived, we realized it was luckily just a broken pinky.
 Upon entering the hospital, you walk up a winding ramp with huge plants.
 In hindsight, I suppose we could have taken the stairs, but hey, any chance I get to experience a little nature in NYC, I'm taking it.
 Instead of being blasted in the face with the sticky scent of urine and rubbing alcohol, this place actually smelled great.
 I was singing their praises before we even got to the waiting area.
 We checked in at the front desk, where the lady was friendly and polite, and we were told which bed to find our friend in.
 All three of us trooped in there, to find two other friends already waiting with our favorite girl (she's head of the class, she's popular).
 Space was a little tight (technically you are only supposed to have two people visit), but any staff who came over were completely accommodating and worked around our pile of bags.
 Her doctor, Bess Tortolani, was absolutely amazing and had me instantly wishing that I had chosen that path in life.
 She was so compassionate and friendly and funny and just.
 she was just great, everything you would want a doctor to be.
 We were always kept in the loop as far as what our next step was and we never felt abandoned or in the way.
 Even the dude who came to help her with her paperwork was rad.
 All in all, probably one of the best experience I've had in a hospital (possibly skewed slightly because of the fact that I wasn't the patient).
I came into the ER with excruciating pain in my foot and severe swelling.
 Now I know that is not of topmost priority however there are many safety issues here.
 When I do get brought into the inside of the ER I was pointed in the direction of my gurney, I was not escorted by a medical professional nor was i orient to my space as in where the emergency call Bill is in case I need help.
 Safety violation number two,  at least one side rail should be up so your patient doesn't fall off the gurney.
 I have been laying there for over an hour, no one came.
 IV pumps are ringing alarms were going off and patients were crying for help and none of those were addressed.
 I am absolutely shocked.
 This is New York Presbyterian Methodist Hospital associated with the two biggest well-known hospitals in New York City, Cornell and Columbia.
 Thank God I myself am a medical professional and was able to advocate for myself.
 I am extremely shocked and disappointed.
 The staff at this hospital is so uncaring they make you feel so unimportant and I will never go back to this place when you ask a question it's like your bothering them.
 They lie to you tell you they'll be right back but never show up.
Medication for pain and insulin for diabetes did not show up for more than 12 hours despite too many requests to remember.
While a couple of nurses (Jo and Rebecca) and one social worker were great, most of the nursing and support staff were absolutely unhelpful and not nice.
Emergency room sent me upstairs to Labor & Delivery ,because they can't treat pregnant patient who's  over 16 weeks.
Thanks God everything went alright with the baby .
BUT 7 hours sitting with out any help its a ridiculous thing.
Doctors and nurses were nice though, but all other medical staff not (like medical assistants ).
 Well what can i say , if you will end up on a 4th floor with a pain or any other problem , be prepared to wait at least 6 hours , have plenty of water ,because they dont have any there ,as well as the fan or ac .
 Very sad experience.
 I was never pressured to have any interventions, and the nurses respected all of my wishes ( no IV, no epidural, all newborn procedures done in room, skin to skin immediately after birth).
 I received 3 visits from a lactation consultant, and took an on site breastfeeding class.
 Baby stayed in my room the whole time.
 The private recovery rooms are very cheap compared to other hospitals- 200 a night.
 Overall, we had a great experience, and I'd encourage other moms to check out this underrated birthing center.
Clean, modern, friendly staff, one of the best hospitals in Brooklyn.
 The doctors fixed the problem before the hospital even had a chance to type in all the paperwork.
 Everyone we dealt with was kind and helpful.
 They told us it was shift change time, but we never felt rushed or any level of sub-par service.
I'm scheduled to have a c-section at Methodist in 2 weeks.
 So far my experience with the hospital was been pleasant.
 I go there once a week for non-stress test, and the nurse that works on Fridays, Kathy, is very nice and efficient.
 Sometimes the wait for an ultrasound is too long, but once the staff has gotten to me they have been very professional and pleasant.
 Will update my review once i have the baby and have been an inpatient for a couple of days.
Omg this is not the best hospital to take a family member.
 It is dirty, the staff are not nice, professional or friendly, except the Doctors and some of the nurses.
 Awful experience.
The remodeling is nice but the wait is long -like bring a DVD player long.
 The other reviews cover both pro/con issues in greater detail and echo many things I would have said.
 This is the nearest hospital to me and at walking distance is hard to argue with.
It was a strange morning as I ventured to prospect park west to see a specialist at NYMH.
 I got lost, the place is huge, and first got no assistance, with direction, but finally found where I needed to be.
 Surprisingly my morning took a turn.
 The receptions yes, did ignore as she ate here cream cheese bagel.
however one of the nurses, registered and got my file immediately-I was shocked.
 It took maybe 15 mins for me to see the doc, which is not bad at all considering the usual wait time.
 I was really surprised at how quick they were in getting me through my appointment and test.
 One of the nurses actually gave me a service survey too.
 I may have to go back, so hopefully the experience is as good or the same.
They are double billing me, and they don't give me any explanation, until of course I'll sue them.
 I wasn't in the Hospital that day and they are charging me $ 5000.
 It did take several hours for me to be admitted, but I expected that because I did not have a life-threatening, immediate issue.
 The nursing staff was sweet and wonderful.
 I did have some issues with the residents, who often contradicted one another, making me feel like nobody knew what they were talking about.
 My major issue with them is that while they are an in-network hospital for my insurance, they chose to send my pathology labs to an out-of-network provider.
 This is leaving me with a bill that my insurance company won't pay.
 This is the last thing I need while I'm battling cancer and have  a slew of legitimate bills.
 It is completeley thoughtless and frustrating that the hospital can't be bothered to do the right thing and use a lab that participates in the same insurance plans that the hospital does.
 As I had no control over where my labs went it is a mistake that is entirely their's, but one which I am literally paying for.
 I would not go back here, and in fact, am very glad now that I chose not to go here for my cancer treatment.
This is  a great place if you wish to see a doctor and wait forever just for a crappy visit, where the guy refuses to even so much as give you medication for what ails you.
 I dunno if it is just me and I do not hold up to the same asshole standards as most people in this city or if service from a doctor has just gone down the tubes.
 I hate feeling rushed and like I am not important as a patient, but I guess that is the way things have gone downhill in America today.
 Maybe I should go to Canada and see if I can get adequate health care there.
 I seem to have been all over New York and it is the same bullshit everywhere.
 As for my two cents on this hospital, what a mess.
 I went there for a dermatologist appt.
 and was led down a corridor that said No Entry, maybe to deter patients from getting the help they seek.
 Seems very awkward and backwards that the sign should tell you not to Enter.
 After waiting an hour, I was lectured on the merits of the hospital, which I was not impressed with and give a lame prescription, which I had to shop around for days cause no pharmacy carried and then only got a trial size.
 Maybe people seek to milk medicaid for all it is worth, but the truth is, I have a limited number of visits allowed and every time, I go to a doctor, it seems like they think they are doing me a favor to prescribe me anything at all.
 The staff is rude.
 While his name is cool, that is about the only positive thing I have to say about him.
 He clearly is useless as a doctor in every way, especially when it comes to solving any health issues.
 What a waste of time and energy.
 It would do you good to find a better run place to get medical services and if you find one here in New York, let me know.
  I think if you want to wait in comfort go to your doctor's office or just stay home.
Writing a Yelp review for a hospital seems silly since your review will likely depend on how your visit went and your diagnosis, but here I am.
 Methodist is an excellent hospital in the greatest medical center in the country, and that's that on that.
 The complex is expansive and offers everything you need, plus more - an imaging center in the same building as a bank and jewelry store?
 Sure, why not.
I have only encountered friendly staff here and there are plenty of information desks scattered around to help you navigate the numerous towers.
Valet and self parking are offered and a fairly reasonable rate when you consider you have to pay to park anywhere in the Med Center these days.
They refused to call the number on my medic alert bracelet.
Then they took more than 40 minutes when standard protocol is 15 minutes to get me my emergency stress dose via IV.
They didn't even know if they had the drug.
The RN didn't even tell me when the emergency stress dose was put in my vein and refused to ask the doctor to give me the only anti nausea drug that works for me.
It was a horrible experience with zero management of my Juvenile Diabetes and at discharge they insisted I take the hotel garbage can with me that still had my stomach bile in it.
Go to a full service ER and not Houston Methodist when you have an emergency.
 I did a review with their quality control patient services department and they stated I didn't require acute diabetes management, which I know from other similar emergencies with Juvenile Diabetes and Addison's I absolutely required close management of both diseases.
  Incompetent doctor on the day of and no endocrine doctors on the review team, so how could they have the knowledge to judge what happened to me and what I required.
 Chang requested that I get a heat monitor 10 days ago.
 The nurse in Pearland said that they were out and she would call me in 2 to 3 days.
 She never called.
 I contacted the main office and they said that they would check into it.
 Called back and said that they were still out.
 If I could come down to the medical center, they would get me one.
 I asked if I needed and appt and was told no, that she would reserve one in my name today, just stop by after my other tests that I was having.
After waiting 30 minutes, a lady comes out and states no more halters.
Seriously, I need to change to Memorial Herman.
A truly beautiful hospital with a dizzying array of hallways, towers, and buildings.
This one tops the chart.
It is beautiful and clean.
The doctors were attentive and had bedside manners.
Also, all the staff were friendly and willingly did their job.
The food was outstanding.
The food court prices were unbelievable.
You were not charged a lot for the food.
It was delicious and well presented.
You were served very fast.
What was even more amazing was the orchestra playing and dressed in tuxedos.
This was really an outstanding experience.
 Upon arrival, they made her retake the same tests that the ER facility performed.
 After they tried to make her retake the pregnancy test, I asked them if they were really desperate for money or something and the doctor stopped.
 Then they said that they were preparing her for surgery giving the impression that she was about to start.
 A few hours later (2:30 am), I ask the nurse about the surgery, she says it's not going to be until 6:30 am.
 Every half hour the machine goes off, I have to get up, walk down the hallway, and tell the nurse.
 The 3rd time doing that, I tell the individual and she replies, I'm a student, go tell a nurse.
 After that, a phalanx of drs come in wake her up and talk to her.
 The customer experience is absolutely horrible.
 They come across as bloodsuckers that want to milk as much $$ off of you as they can.
 If I could leave no stars I would.
The 1 out of 5 ratings are very factual.
  I have had a horrible experience with a bunch of incompetent staff, billing and doctors.
  The billing is the worst and have no idea what they are doing except trying to over bill.
  Many unnecessary tests being done to make money and many times services have caused more injury than help.
  Avoid this place like the plague.
  You have been warned.
  I stopped reading the 1/5 ratings below since it was sickening as to what a once great hospital has now become.
Phenomenal hospital.
 I can't speak highly enough about this hospital.
 I've been to this hospital several times and interacting with several staff in the Kidney Transplant department for a family member.
 Staff is professional, courteous, and extremely caring towards patients.
 Every person that I had to interact with, whether that be the parking attendants, front desk staff, wheel chair aid, nurses, and doctors is top notch customer care.
All their locations are pretty much the same in customer care.
This hospital is fantastic.
 I, unfortunately, am a veteran of hospitals and surgeries.
 This was one of the best experiences I've ever had.
 Prior to this I was at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, MN.
 I was only there for 2 days and I lost count of the supervisors for different areas (nursing, housekeeping, etc ) who would come in, shut the door, and ask if everything was ok - if I needed anything.
 Everyone was incredibly caring and concerned and treated me with respect.
 This would be a 5-star review if not for the series of miscommunications regarding my prescriptions at discharge - and I honestly don't know if it was the hospital's fault or the doctor.
last week my daughter was admitted in the 9th floor critical care unit.
 From the beginning to the end of this stay was a nightmare.
 My daughter has been a patient at this hospital since 2002.
 From the unit secretary to the doctor covering for her normal doctor and the nurse manager for the floor we had nothing but problems over and over again.
 My poor child was in agonizing pain for over 48 hours.
 I tried to talk to the nurse manager and the nurse practioner about my concerns only to be ignored over and over again.
 My daughter was told by the nurse that the doctor told her she would just have to wait til she came to the floor.
 She did not show up  until  14 hours later and when she did she lied to my daughter and said she didn't say that.
 She also had the nerve to tell her why didn't you let some one know  how bad you were hurting.
 I was so furious with the doctor and the staff that I filed a formal complaint with the Healthcare authority.
 I have had only one other incident with similar circumstances and would not want my worst enemy to go through what my child and family had to go through with my child's care.
 i wish these big fancy places would stop getting all these awards and work on patient care and connected communication.
My husband is currently at Methodist waiting a liver transplant.
 I am so impressed with the hospital, the staff and the doctors.
 Everyone has gone out of their way to be nice and caring and helpful.
 During this particularly stressful time it is wonderful to be treated with patience and dignity.
I am sincerely of the impression that if it can be done medically, it can be done at Methodist.
I am so happy our local hospital sent us to Methodist.
The service at the hospital was fine but the billing was a nightmare.
 They advertise a heart scan for $140 which we paid at time of service.
 They then billed us for a doctor's visit, which never occurred--an additional $85.
 I called and they said don't worry they'd look into it and it would be fixed in about a week.
 Three weeks later, no answer.
 I called again, then again and I still get call back in a week and it should be sorted.
 I'm not holding my breath.
 Every time I call I have to wait about 10 min to speak to an agent.
 So, I'm in for about 30 min on hold so far without a resolution.
My feeling is they over bill and probably get a lot of people to pay for services not rendered.
They actually wanted a credit card from me while I was on the operating table with no clothes on.
This is the worst hospital in the world.
I brought my nephew in with chest pains and arsenic poisoning.
It not only took all night to get in but they never gave him any meds or treatment whatsoever.
He was told that he would be transferred to Hermann hospital where they have the means and facility to take care of those issues.
Absolutely nothing happened.
After several people visiting his room there were only blood and urine samples taken.
 Respiratory, Physical Therapy and other ancillary departments were wonderful.
 The CN, Regina, is compassionate and caring.
 But let me tell you, it's the Patient Care Assistants who are the stars of the show.
 They are ones that get in there and do the dirty work, the hardest work while ensuring the patient's comfort and dignity.
 When suffering from a debilitating intestinal bacterial infection - dignity is hard to hold onto.
 But Diana and Angelica ensured my mom was comfortable at all times.
 But the one that impacted my mom and I the most is Bertha.
 How do you maintain that incredible attitude, that compassion, make that personal connection with someone when you are coming in over and over to clean up and soothe an elderly woman's embarrassment and sore skin?
 I am so touched by the grace of this amazing woman, I can't articulate it.
 This is the first time in 6 weeks that I feel like I might get my mom back.
  Check in & procedure were perfect.
  Then recovery was abominable.
  3 incompetent, uncaring nurses, and 4 to 5 hours later I was finally released.
  Should have only taken maybe 1 hour at the most based on my previous procedure.
  Recovery nurse was indifferent, did minimum & we waited & waited apparently for an open room for final recovery.
  Second recovery nurse first asked if I had someone there with me (did she not read all the forms we filled out?
  Next she was going to release me, when I told her the doctor required two spirometry tests before I'd be released.
  Then nurse had to fax report to Doctor but that took forever.
  Then doctor said I had to take tests all over again.
  So doctor sent her staff from her BT department, who know how to do this, took the test in a wheelchair on a different floor.
  Came back, they faxed the new report to doctor & she approved it.
 My mom was admitted a couple of weeks ago through the ER for heart issues.
  She was put into the Jones Building on the 8th floor for her private room.
 I was impressed with the attention they gave her and addressing any questions I had when I called up there.
  Also, when I went to visit, I was lost roaming around and happened to run into one of her PCA's at the elevator who recognized my voice from earlier on the phone and directed me the right way.
 It wasn't a struggle to get anyone to answer questions or get her the things she needed.
  They were very thorough in explaining everything and checking in on her as required.
  Mainly this review is to acknowledge her nurse, PCA and doctor.
  They went above and beyond and were very kind.
 Sometimes you wonder why people choose a customer service/health care profession and do not appear to enjoy their work.
 Most of he staff was quite helpful, but the environment made the situation with a family member a bit on edge.
I want to qualify this by saying that my mom was quite sick and we had her go to Methodist for a second opinion.
 She had a prolonged hospital stay so we had a very good look at the hospital and Kindred its sister long term facility.
  The unit we were told by other physicians had a bad reputation for the elderly, and palliation was pushed on us from the beginning.
 I really feel that the MICU in particular which is staffed by  nurse practioners is not ideal for medical management.
 There were multiple issues, and I would be very careful about accepting the notion that patients should be made palliative without exploring all therapeutic options.
 We tried multiple times to move her, and were met with a lot of resistance.
 I would give the hospital a zero if I could based on the experience we had.
 Be very careful with the elderly particularly if they are going to the MICU.
I really can't say enough about the staff at this hospital, you will find a group of dedicated professionals who really care about your well being.
 I read some reviews about the staff being over worked and this may be true, but that's not their fault.
 Everyone from top to bottom made me feel that my recovery was a priority and that is truly appreciated.
The title and prestige of being the best hospital in the city of Houston was put in display on my first time visit to the Methodist Hospital and sure enough I came out sooo dissapointed in their service.
 Outpatient surgery center gave mediocre and bad service to me after my procedure was done.
 Got sent home with no formal discharge instructions.
 I was given a piece of paper that could easily had been searched in google and printed it out myself or better yet I could had gotten a far more comprehensive detailed one.
 Surely there will be no complaints once that check is received by the insurance for the services rendered and after as we all know that hospitals are notorious for submitting claims for things that don't even make sense that you are saying to a patient who asked for some gauze to go all cut up and in pain to a pharmacy and get it myself.
 I have been to other hospitals in the medical center corridor which are ranked lower than the Methodist Hospital but yet they provided true profesional patient care to me.
 Patient care is essential and without it no hospital can succeed.
Best hospital in Houston.
First of all the ER is pretty quickly.
 I was there twice in a span of a week, and both times my time in the waiting room was under 15 min.
 The intake process involved less paperwork than expected.
 I was in and out of the hospital in no time.
The nurses were blunt as expected, but they were quite respectful, and didn't treat me like a complete idiot.
 They were helpful with all my questions.
 The care was good and all but I feel like this review is more about the food.
 It was kind of an obsession during my stay there.
 I think it's partially because I'm a college student, and hadn't eaten a decent meal in weeks.
 Actually it was pretty tasty by any cafeteria type standards.
 Again, college student eating in an absolutely horrific cafeteria.
 During my stay they would give you a menu each day with some pretty good choices, but I was pretty sick of jello by the end of it (and I didn't think that was humanly possible.
 The actual cafeteria has a great variety and worth eating at if you find yourself in the med center.
My husband and I have been loyal Methodist patients for 18 years and when his mother was diagnosed with cancer we chose to fly her here from Florida.
 I will not recommend any other family or friends to Methodist and unless it is absolutely necessary my husband and I will seek our healthcare else where.
  I find most doctors to be 4-5 stars but other issues such as their staff's incompetence, follow up and some of the nurses I've experienced prevented me from giving them a higher star rating.
  The Texas Medical Center is suppose to be the largest Medical center in the country now with the best quality of doctors and variety of specialties.
  Some examples are MD Anderson Cancer Center which people from around the country and world come to for the latest treatments.
  We have Shriners Hospital for kids with illnesses and defects out of the normal childhood illnesses.
  I took one of my foster kids there several years back and she was thoroughly examined if it was possible to fix a blotched surgery she had done in a third world country.
  The entire staff and doctor were the best I have ever encountered.
 Plus there is never a charge to you if you don't have insurance.
  The Texas Children Hospital is the largest and most well known hospital for the kiddos.
  They are usually up to date on medical procedures but I feel they could be run more cohesively.
  We had to be there at 7am for one of my foster kiddos to have an easier double surgery.
  She was not taken back until 6pm that evening.
She couldn't eat or drink since midnight the day before.
University of Texas Hospital is a teaching institution and Hospital.
They do high detailed levels of medical research.
I was there once for 4 hours just for an assessment.
They are extremely detailed.
We have Texas Women's Hospital, Baylor College of Medicine and many more hospitals.
Just google if you have a special need.
The Texas Medical Center's big negative is the high parking fees now.
They were so much less in 2010 and prior.
I understand inflation but they are very inflated now.
Traffic can move slow on Fannin St.
  Some of the hospitals have several places to eat, some have few.
 Important make sure they have your current insurance at all times.
 Also pay attention to your bills because screw ups still happen.
Yes there are incompetent people in billing at times.
Not all experiences are great.
My last visit at one of the hospitals for 10 days almost all the nurses in my unit seemed like they were having bad episodes of bi-polar and were mean.
For my confidentiality and HIPPA laws I refrain from mentioning the hospital.
Overall I find the doctors to be good but the nurses and the front desk people can have terrible people skills at times.
The last bad experience I had was when a nurse was setting me up for a test and answered her cell phone 3 times in an area where cell phones are Not allowed.
Its a melting pot of different nationalities and backgrounds, definitely an awesome to work.
There are not enough stars on yelp to explain the awesomeness that is the Texas Medical Center or TMC for the cool kids out there.
 First off the location is prime, minutes away from the epicenter of Houston itself with access to many major freeways.
 It is surrounded by the beautiful Hermann Park and the glorious Museum district.
 Running smack-dab through it is Houston's only MetroRAIL.
 Not only does the TMC contain some of the world's greatest hospitals for pediatrics, cardiac, emergency care, and many other specialties it houses some of the best teaching facilities around.
 Texas Women's university, Baylor College of Medicine, and UT's Health Sciences building are just to name a few.
 Be glad we live in a city with such a renowned medical center, and be on the lookout for the new buildings popping up.
 There's a reason celebrities from around the world come to TMC for treatment.
Easily accessible to get around to the different hospitals located here.
 There are multiple parking garages for those who are commuting to the TMC.
 Houston is home to excellent hospitals with so much diversity from its employees.
 People from all over the world come here to study, practice, and receive treatments.
I second Holly on the parking issue.
 It is indeed a disgrace to have such high rates for parking and valet.
World's largest medical center.
Parking is a hassle.
Traffic is a hassle.
But if you need to find a highly qualified physician, the TMC is hard to match.
Collectively, the institutions in the TMC are also the largest employer in Houston.
Need a job, a good place to look for all sorts of skills.
If you planning to work in the Medical Center, think seriously about housing along the Metro.
It runs reliably and operates evenings and nights.
Bicycling the linear parks along Brays Bayou is another option for commuting, Houston weather is actually quite bicycle friendly although it helps to have access to a shower when you get into work.
For visitors from out of town, most of the hotels in the area surrounding the Medical Center offer free shuttles, as do many apartment complexes.
Problem is that the apartment complex shuttles may run once an hour while the Metro runs every five minutes.
If you are sick and you need treatments go somewhere else because no body is professional in this  hospital er service.
I have erotic enurisim,iliac desendings .
I was in er almost 8 hours nurse smell like alcohol,doctor came and don't even have clue aBout my report, they take me from a room told me that I am better (I was waiting sergecsl team to decide if Going to have surgery)put me in 4 wall 4x2 wholeway no body ask me if I have close to fobia,I am still having chest pain and iliac pRedure ,burning my legs are num,and heAvyWorst hospital experiance ever,I don't recommend no body to come memorial HermanThe funniest thing they still don't ask me how I feel  Sad sad saDAlkan duzyurt
I could write a lot, but the picture is enough.
The doctors were nice, most nurses and staff were nice, but patient care was poor.
Still waiting for the outreach from MH.
This is the worse Emergency room Hospital in Houston I would rather go to LBJ.
 It took over 24 hours for my boyfriend and others to be seen in the ER the staff is horrible there are not enough staff to care for all the patients they move slow as hell.
 It's like working and being around a nursing home with out the smell.
 I would never ever go there again for anything the service was horrible the bed side manner of the nurses are horrible they need service excellent
This is the filthiest, most unprofessional hospital I've ever seen.
 This place is a dump.
 The ER staff are incompetent, and lack communication skills.
 They did a medical triage in the staff bathroom on my niece.
 When my sister objected to the bathroom triage/medical exam, they got an attitude with her and acted like they were doing us a favor.
 They ended up doing the exam in the bathroom, against our wishes.
 My niece ended up having her ultrasound, and talking to a surgeon before being examined by the ER doc, and she had been there hours at that point.
 She actually came in after we had a long conversation about benign cysts and possible surgery with a surgeon, and then proceeded to do what should have been done initially.
 The first time we spoke with her (after waiting 7 hours), she got a phone call in the middle of the exam and we didn't see her again until after the surgeon finished speaking with us.
 This place lacks organization, and the hospital is disgusting.
 We saw poop on the floor with everyone just walking by.
 There were needles left out, built up dirt on the ground, and medical supplies left on the floor.
 When I told a staff member about the poop, they said it's not their job.
 If this is the best trauma unit in Houston, please help us.
 They are going to make more people sick with their attitudes, and lack of cleanliness.
 On top of everything, at discharge, they left the papers sitting on the table and left us in the room waiting to be released.
 Doctors and nurses like these should be out of work.
 If patients are not your priority, get out of the business.
This review is for Dr Scarborough and Nurse Carolline working Jones 9   Carolline was helpful ensuring we understood what was going on and ensuring we understood everything.
 As a healthcare personnel myself I can appreciate nurses who take the time to be patience and cares about her patients.
  With this being a holiday weekend there were staff who were not here.
 She also stepped in and filled in those roles educating and ensuring we understood my husbands care and anticipating issues and concerns as we go home to be prepared.
I'm reviewing based on a surgeon/physician who my SO saw in 2018.
 The doctor was fantastic and most of the staff we encountered was friendly; though some parts of the building are older, and some staff is a little rude.
 The elevators are being reworked and we started in an empty elevator on something like the 14th floor--so many nurses crammed themselves in because they didn't want to wait on the next elevator that we were literally being pushed against the back wall after my SO had had surgery the week before.
 Hospitals aren't usually the greatest, but this was alright for the one doctor.
Out of all of the memorial hermamm hospitals, id have to say that this one is the absolute best .
 My son has a rare genetic disorder which causes extreme motor delay and due to his unknown diagnosis we have to jump from specialist to specialist trying to figure out what is going on .
We've visited the surgery center located on the second floor of the hospital, and staff there is just as awesome.
 I've met two different anesthesiologists on two different occasions regarding MRI'S being done to my 2 year old , and let me tell you i was nothing but impressed.
 They're sweet, kind and very humorous.
 They allowed me to go back with my son while they put him to sleep so I could be by his side.
 Another time we had some tests done to him and had to spend about 3-4 days here.
 Now I feel like the couch was too small for me to sleep in, but over all the nurses and staff were very sweet, attentive and welcoming.
 They weren't scarred to hold my son in the middle of the night while I slept, or to bring me snacks from the refrigerator they had in the area.
 Only thing is traffic is crazy and if you have scheduled appointments i recommend you to come 30-45 minutes early to make it on time.
 Valet is only 12$ but sometimes they take a while only because they're always busy and packed .
 Some of the women in the cafeteria are rude and would rather gossip to their co workers then acknowledge you.
 And that's not going to change my opinion on this awesome hospital.
We have been having to go to Memorial Hermann for about a month now to see my father-in-law that's been in the icu.
  Parking at Memorial Hermann in the med center is a nightmare.
 The process for paying to use the parking garage is when you enter you get a yellow chip.
  On your way out you pay either at a kiosk near the elevators or you pay at the exit.
  The first time it happened to us we were told not to worry about paying just to go in.
  On our way out we were stuck because we didn't have a chip and didn't have a way to pay.
  We had to wait for someone to come let us out and it took forever.
 After that when it happened again we went to the kiosk to see if there was a way to get a chip because we didn't get one upon entering.
  The cost for losing a chip is $20 where if we had one we would have paid $12.
  We had to call someone over the intercom to help with the situation.
   Also don't expect to pay on your way out because the exit doesn't always accept cards.
  The whole payment process for the parking garage is a total nightmare.
  I also find it such a rip off to be charging $12 per day to park when you're clearly there for your loved one that's sick.
 Aside from that this hospital is very dated looking.
  They also struggle to maintain their bathrooms clean.
  I find myself often having to circle the building to find a clean bathroom.
 I can't wait for the day that we no longer have to frequent this hospital.
 Never again will I come back.
 Rude.
Wonderful hospital.
  Another church member is in the hospital.
  So, we are here to assist in any way that we can.
  It could be me some day.
I love this hospital and the staff.
 They delivered my twin boy's at 27 weeks.
 They were very professional in helping me through the hard times.
 Because of them my boy's made it and are thriving.
 They are now 15 months old and are the light of my life.
 I love everyone there that help this miracle happen and I would recommend anyone to this hospital.
Very long wait.
 I am with a patient that is having heart problems.
 We have been waiting for 7 hours.
 If you go to this hospital, you do so at your own risk, you have been warned.
We just had the worst experience I have ever had at a hospital.
The triage nurse here at the Memorial Herman ER (Monica Moore) is by far the rudest person I have ever met in Healthcare.
Why take a job like this if you completely lack people skills.
We came because my girlfriend is experiencing signs of what could be a major life threatening issue, and they did a simple test and said she was fine to wait.
Everything about this condition says time is key, and to always go immediately to the ER.
When I calmly expressed my concerns to this nurse she told me my girlfriend was fine to wait because of the results of the simple test.
This condition is not new, and we are very knowledgable on the subject-so I pointed out to the nurse that they have not done the correct test to tell that, she got extremely rude and said we could wait for a bed or leave.
By the way-she has a known heart condition and is here for several signs of a heart attack.
But we are fine to wait or leave.
Every other experience at this hospital we have been treated professionally and with top level care.
This one nurse (Monica Moore) is the worst experience we have ever had though.
My husband has been treated here since 2008 for a couple of different cancers and recurrences.
 We could not be more pleased with his doctors and treatment; however, our last couple of visits not been as good in the hospitality area.
 Valet parking - they do not seem to have enough people to take care of all the cars.
 I'm sure it is contracted out but something needs to change.
Restrooms - the cleanliness is certainly not what it used to be.
 My husband used 2 different restrooms yesterday in the Main Bldg.
 Both times the urinals we covered and not working and the toilet paper holder had fallen onto the toilet in the stall.
 A handicapped person would not have been able to use this restroom  at all.
Awesome.
 It is great to work at a place that has helped so many.
 Their core values are really being practiced.
 Despite the short comings I am grateful for the effectiveness of their course of treatment.
 My brother has been cancer free and in remission for over 6 months now.
 It def took some time, understandably so and several attempts however he has his life and is able to see his beautiful family grow.
 They have my gratitude.
 I know not everyone can share the same results, for those who can't my heart goes out to you.
This facility and staff was amazing.
I read the reviews of those who were very upset about insurance/money issues - my response to that is to remember that though this is a hospital, it is also a business that depends on insurance payments to pay their huge staff and keep providing their fantastic service.
I too was irritated that they wouldn't start treatment right away though we assured them we had come prepared to pay cash and could provide proof that we had the cash to do it, but I also understand that they almost had to close the hospital before UT bought them, BECAUSE they accepted anyone/everyone for treatment regardless if their insurance or financial status and it nearly bankrupted them.
 For those that had poor customer service, I am so very sorry you had terrible people on your team.
We started with an ER Dr who had zero knowledge of company policy (she should have called for a consult but did not and in fact turned us away).
Thankfully when we came back the next day and went directly to the Mays Clinic Breast Center they knew what to do and ordered a consult.
 We are so happy to have been referred to MD Anderson and wish this had been our place of treatment from the beginning, but will definitely be for the future.
They treated us with so much dignity and respect overall.
Worst experience ever.
Take my father for his chemo treatment.
They delay treatment for 3 hours and he gets done at 9:45 pm.
 Because the hospital shuts down, made him walk 2 miles from one hospital to other where car is parked and no elevators so had to use stairs.
 Everyone tries the best they can under very stressful conditions and for that I am very grateful.
More information should be given on the pros and cons of doing a procedure.
Patients should be informed of what will happen if nothing is done.
Also, the doctors do not use the cutting edge technology that they have available to save as many lives as possible.
All three, radiation, chemotherapy, and surgery should be used to cure cancer.
When one cannot be used, the other should be tried.
You have to think outside the box to save lives.
 One department should not oversee the whole process when they are incompetent.
Doctors should fight for the live of a person as it they were fighting for themselves.
f a mri shows anything that look out of order, further test should be done.
Do not wait until everything is out of order before something is done.
 There will never be a cure for cancer if the scientists and researchers are too lazy to try to discover new medicines and do research and collaborate with each other to see what really works and what does not.
Old statistics should not be used to predict the overcome of a procedure, when outcomes have improved.
I think I made a mistake by continuing to come here.
The Palliative Care on  the 12th floor is a disgrace.
Only one RN showed she cared about my mom.
 We didn't realize that was why she kept pulling it out of her nose, and cried because she didn't want it.
 She couldn't talk to tell us AND THE NURSES DIDN'T CHECK.
The other nurses would come in to check her and sling the covers up like their making the bed with no one in it.
The room was full of family and friends and would make my mom uncomfortable.
They didn't show any love in what they did.
You need to care for the patients, have lots of patience,  and  most of show support and respect.
Don't let the patient see the nurse or any staff give up in front of them.
 My mom asked the doctor when he said she was being moved to Palliative Care if he was giving up on her.
 He said no, but never showed his face again.
I do not like this hospital.
Not sure who and how these guys are rated the best in the world.
 They treated my Dad like a number and not like a patient.
 His blood work done and CT scans done at another office were never even reviewed.
 His blood work was showing kidney failure, but he had to end up in the hospital before we were even told that.
 He was told he had to wait three weeks to even speak to somebody about his options after the biopsy had been done.
 When we called back to question this, the nurse told us it was because his case was not deemed an emergency.
 After three weeks had passed, they discovered his cancer was actually a fast growing one.
 Several people told me to get a second opinion because everybody they knew who went to MDA ended up getting worse.
we didn't listen and now I wish I had.
 I get that you guys see people with cancer everyday.
 I have discussed this with my protocol nurses but they are not sure how to resolve this issue although they recognize the need for patient support.
 I offered to come to work as a patient advocate but MD Anderson wants free support staff to do this.
 I need a job and want to help fellow patients.
 The other issue I have been unemployed for over a year with no income and my insurance premiums are over $2000 a month to maintain my care.
 I attend treatments twice weekly three times a month that last between 4-8 hrs.
 All other medical center satellite locations provide free parking.
 Hospital staff pay for daily parking but haven't prorated based on salary.
 It seems the people that need help the most are being charge the most.
 Md Anderson needs to provide free parking to patients that are getting treatment.
 This hospital can afford to wave the parking fees for patients and not feel any financial affects.
I visited this location last July for diagnostics.
 I never received my results via email, mail or their online tool.
 I have emailed 4 times asking for my results including filling out the form required and I've called several times.
 Every time I call they tell me they will send me my results within 48 hours.
I am absolutely devastated.
 My 39 year old son has a very rare form of thyroid cancer called MTC.
 Although his doctors seem pleasant enough his father and I are not so sure they are well versed in their fields.
 Their seems to be a poor lack of communication and the same things being tried over and over again with the same results or should I say.
 We had always heard about MDA and how their staff was always on the cutting edge.
 The only complaint I have is that the doctors seemed unaware of the huge stress it was on our family to live in Houston while we and they fought an insurance appeal for a month.
 I feel like this should and could have been organized and fought the appeal from our home in Indiana.
Easiest 5 Stars you could ever give when they place patient care, welfare, health, and convenience first.
  We needed to bring a family member here many times, and each time the stellar performance of the hospital never changed.
 There was always a friendly staff, HIPPA information and security, and a volunteer to get you what you may need.
 For a hospital that moves a city of people daily while saving lives.
 We are blessed and grateful that such good people pride themselves on taking care of others.
 The doctors, staff and all associated with this facility are first class.
 My appointments were communicated clearly, were on-time and the doctors and technology are on the cutting edge.
 I was blessed to receive care here.
 This is just one small example of what horrible service md anderson's cancer prevention center offers.
 I highly recommend you only go there if you want horrible, irresponsible service.
Love this hospital- staff and doctors have been kind, respectful and knowledgeable.
 We've never felt rushed or hassled- everyone takes their time and seems to really care.
I'm hopeful they will help my Mom get better.
Don't waste your time at this hell hole.
Try calling to get an appointment, I dare you.
 It is a nightmare.
You are put on hold, transferred and put on hold there, then you are transferred to a voice mail.
You spend your entire day trying to get an appointment.
It takes about a week to get a response.
I have been left in the physician's lobby for hours, until I finally got up and left.
I have been forgotten in the back while waiting on a mammogram.
I finally walked out into the lobby, in the robe, because I couldn't find anyone in the back to ask what was going on.
I was told they had forgotten about me and just to get dressed because I was going to miss my next appointment and I could come back later for the mammogram.
This place is phenomenal.
The staff is amazing and they are all dedicated to the patient.
They are passionate and caring.
 I think they should reimburse the Recchi's 26% of the 83,000 and apologize to them for not giving them assistance or treating them with compassion at the time they most needed it.
  I do not know the Recchi's but I was absolutely furious when I read this.
 this type of rip off by the medical community has got to stop.
This is the most amazing medical facility I have ever encountered.
 The staff is very helpful and compassionate.
 They go far out of their way to make sure you understand what is going on and to make you feel like they really care.
 Honestly, I really believe the do.
 It's a big place that can seem intimidating at first but grab a map at any information desk and follow the signage.
 If you will just slow down and relax, difficult I know in any cancer situation, but try and you will be amazed at how stopping to read the signs really does tell you where to go.
 Then if you are still lost, there are a million people asking you if you need help finding something.
 It's like they are trained to recognize a bewildered expression.
 This place operates like a well oiled machine.
 There are shuttles and sky bridges between buildings, tons of places to eat, relax in a lounge, or stroll around the beautiful grounds.
 A family member of mine was admitted, and fortunately discharged, but I must say, these are the nicest hotel rooms out there as far as I know.
 You feel more like you are in a hotel room especially when your meal is delivered by room service in a little bow tie.
 Let's not forget that MDA has the most cutting edge technology and research studies.
If you get diagnosed with cancer you better bet your bottom you need to be at MD Anderson.
 Amazing staff, amazing doctors and amazing results.
 Definitely the place to go to kick cancers butt.
 That department is another story.
 I was scheduled for a procedure to freeze the tumor on Halloween.
  The MD Anderson Doctor and his staff failed to inform me that he would be out of town for an entire month after.
 The procedure was horrific.
he treated me as if I was just a complainer.
 this was Before I found out my lung had semi collapsed during the procedure 3 days before and that I had been sent home with pneumonia.
I have a copy of my records.
I requested them 2 weeks later because from my previous experience I knew something was not right this  paper trail is how I found out about the pneumonia and spleen.
 My husband drove me to the other Hospital because I passed out.
Thank God they were quickly attentive.
I went back for a follow up to MD Anderson.
Then several weeks later again as I was having pain on the treated side and an odor to my urine.
The young man was the one to see me as the other Doc was unavailable again.
He again blew me off .
 I started running a fever and went to a Kidney specials my Gynecologist recommended.
I was diagnosed with an infection.
 I had several run- ins with the young man that blew my ordeal off.
 He should Never be allowed near the patients.
 He is very disrespectful and rude and does not belong in the care giver world .
Well, i hate to be the bearer of bad news, but right now I rate MD Anderson with a 1 because they haven't killed my mother-in-law yet.
  It's been 5 weeks tomorrow since her initial evaluation and surgery.
  And to date they done about nothing to help her.
  She was in their emergency room due to excruciating pain, dehydration and fever.
  They gave her ID fluids (after waiting 5 hours in the waiting area and another 2 1/2 hours in one of the beds before anyone even saw her).
  And then she waited another 5 hours until they discharged her.
  She then went to her regular physician (she tried unsuccessfully for three days to get seen at MD Anderson) and he immediately diagnosed her problem and admitted her to Methodist.
  They treated the pain, but it appears directly related to her cancer and we still can't get seen my MD Anderson, nor do they have anything to say when you try and schedule or in this case reschedule an appointment.
  So, if you can get your treatment somewhere else, I would suggest doing so.
  Because, right now, she can't even get treatment and it's inexcusable and ludicrous.
  I would suggest goign elsewhere simply so you have the option of treatment and survival.
Had a great experience at Signature Care Montrose.
 The staff was very friendly and helpful.
 I didn't only have my health compromised by the whim of the staff.
 On review of my medical chart, it was obvious Ig'ntCare took aggressive action against my well being, and even after investigating the situation, RoundTMC supported the immorality in the most heinous display of passive aggression by not telling me --yet still being apologetic on my treatment what would one feel.
 If an establishment knows a group of their your own has acted out in total contrast to what depicts the establishment as a medical care provider, literally allows shtt to manifest randomly, undoubtedly blocks one from gathering information by having one flagged with the testing- lab_corps -facility, and gives no indication of rectifying the situation.
 I felt betrayed at first, then again recently, when out of the blue a telephone call from RoundTMC made me relive the whole incident [in my own words] a second time.
 The inquiring administrator assured me I would get the apology I 'deserved'.
 I Never was offered a Warm Blanket.
 I would have preferred a warm welcome instead ( medical attention would have been nice too.
This place makes me feel so cared for.
  I've been here twice and each time the staff and doctors have been so attentive, informative, and fast.
 I had no wait time and the doctor saw me right after the nurse left the room.
 Not fun having to go here of course but the staff make it warm and caring.
 Would highly recommend if you have to go.
My 21 year old son was not feeling well and getting worse over the course for few days.
  I was so concerned that he had an upper respiratory infection or worse, so we went here to make sure he was going to be ok.
  The staff and doctors had such great bed side and customer service top rated mannerisms.
  They were wonderful from beginning to end.
 Wren was great and answered all of the questions.
 They had excellent customer service.
 Golla is probably the most caring and friendly doctor I have ever encountered.
 Was completely patient with me and my frantic family on the phone, they were overseas freaking out.
 The self pay was really affordable and I was in and out of one the best visits to the ER.
This place is incredibly fast and understanding.
 Dee at the front desk went above and beyond to take care of every need I had and I couldn't be more thankful for her.
 Highly suggest this place for any medical need you may have.
Thank you to this ER center for providing exceptional, quick and caring help during a very stressful and scary situation.
 I came in on a Sunday evening after struggling with post-sinus breathing issues that turned into bronchitis.
 Per the other reviews, no wait, patient and caring staff, and discussing recommendations and options made all of the difference.
Due to the severity of my issues, I had to stay overnight two nights which was preferable over going to a hospital.
 I met several of the doctors and nurses and everyone was beyond helpful and really cared about patients well-being and progress.
 I was most impressed by Agnes, who took special care to look into any discomfort or concern I showed.
 She also provided very generous amenities that were so helpful for a longer stay.
The radiologist was also extremely kind and professional and was very patient with me acting like a baby.
I would highly recommend this center to anyone who is dealing with a minor emergency or a larger issue, as they have the capability to do a lot there.
 I agree with the other reviewers that everything is very clean, organized and professional.
 My discharge papers were very detailed and well-explained.
 I also loved my goodie bag and bear.
As great as it is to be home and feeling well, this was the most positive experience that really exceeded expectations.
 It's clean, fast, and straightforward.
 We've been here 3 times and Ke'Aire (receptionist) was very kind, quick and understanding to our concerns.
 Guharoy was very knowledgeable when I voiced my concerns and explained to me exactly what was going on.
 Nurse Chih and Anastasia were great.
 They kept everything clean, talked us through what they were doing and were PROs with injections.
 I would come here again if the situation arises.
I visited here over a year ago with my daughter in the middle of the night when she had a UTI and was in excruciating pain.
 We now received 2 bills from here only today: one for $1700 and one for $500.
 None of it was covered by insurance(as all was applied to her deductible).
 She was charged $300 for a pregnancy test she did not know of, after she had told the doctor there was absolutely no chance she was pregnant.
 On top of these high charges, she did not even receive the proper antibiotics and the infection came back less than a month later, being told by her physician that this was a resurgence from the first after not receiving the prescription she needed.
 I called today and was told that she was treated how the doctor saw fitting.
 I would not recommend going here to anyone.
After discussing my concerns with another person at this agency, they agreed to revise the bill and did not charge me for the service.
 My recommendation is to use anything labeled Emergency Room only in a life threatening situation and seek out an Urgent Care facility if your doctor's office is otherwise closed.
 I appreciate this facility for listening to my complaints and concerns.
Everyone I've met here is wonderful.
both knowledgeable and kind.
 Dee at the front desk answered my many questions and made sure to get me the best care and value out of my visit.
 I didn't have to sit for more than 30 seconds before I was called back into my own private room.
 Each staff member is well informed and very thorough.
 I'm so happy I found this place.
Hayleigh the first person I saw walking in the door was phenomenal.
 The entire staff is amazing, so friendly . educate you on everything they are doing .
Great and honest service provided by Amy, Langit (RN), & Dr Dendy.
They processed me quickly through check-in, throughly assessed of symptoms + history, and resolved my issue efficiently.
I came here due to strep throat and would highly recommend this place to anyone.
We were warmly received by the receptionist and brought back within 2 minutes,  well before I finished the paperwork.
Nurse Marie, the RN on site, quickly went to work getting my vitals and finding out that I get strep very often.
The second she walked out a tall ginger man walked in.
Turns out the ginger is the doctor.
 He made me aware that there's a treatment for strep that I've never been informed of.
 A shot plus a second steroid shot that kills off the strep within hours.
 This info will forever change my life.
 No more taking horse pills for 10 days and waiting 2 to 3 days to feel better.
 She took a few minutes to warm up the shots so they wouldn't hurt as much while chatting with me.
 I could barely feel the shots.
 She's very skilled, caring and charming.
 While waiting for 15 minutes just to be sure I didn't have a reaction to the shots, Nurse Marie escorted us to a large very pleasant waiting room with couches, a free arcade machine, kids play area, and fully stocked with coffee, drinks, and snacks.
 Wonderful, new, clean ER with very charming and knowledgeable staff.
I came in on Memorial Day with some really bad poison ivy covering my entire back, legs, arms, neck.
 It was very unpleasant.
 I was taken care of very quickly and given the required medications.
 The entire experience was really easy and quick and I'm feeling much better now.
 It's also really pretty inside.
 My roommate and I were pleasantly surprised with how the inside looked.
Came for a minor skin wound and I was in and out in an hour and a half.
 Staff was fast and friendly and Hayleigh up front was great.
 I would highly recommend when you don't want a long wait with a big ER for something minor.
Went in when I had an asthma attack and they immediately saw me and gave me a breathing treatment.
 The doctors were really nice and helpful.
 Smith took care of my infected finger quickly and painlessly.
 Gave me options for treatment which I appreciated.
 When I walked in on a Wednesday morning had zero wait, was able to finish paperwork in the room rather than in waiting room.
 The nurses were kind and offering me a warm blanket and a beverage which was a nice touch.
 Doctor also explained the follow up instructions to me and told me what to expect/watch out for.
 Facility is clean and inviting.
 What is nice is they can accommodate pretty much anything an ER attached to a hospital can.
 I would definitely recommend if you need to be seen by a doctor.
I am very happy with this experience at Signature Care.
 The team there make me feel safe , the doctors, nurses , technicians , and receptionists.
 All of them very kind and profesional .
 I think is less expensive that hospital emergency services.
 Offer Faig ZVI ran the proper test to assure when I left i would be relieved of my symptoms, Nurse Rachel Reyes was very attentive and offered a warm blanket which really knocked off the chill I was experiencing, Bryan Dilli the Radiology Tech was very assuring and precise with his instructions and Ms.
 Brenda Roman at the front desk was gracious and handled my check-in and out very professionally and with little time spent doing so.
 Thank you to the team at this location.
I fell and did not know if I had sprained or broken my ankle.
 A vulnerable state when you're not from Houston.
 I trusted I would find an amazing place and be treated well.
 I found the reviews here very helpful.
 The facility seemed like it was out of the future.
 It was very clean and everyone was super nice.
 I was seen quickly and cared for well.
 I have not received any billing details yet but I trust that will all be reasonable and my insurance will cover the bulk.
 Your kindness was beautiful.
We came in as our daughter had a very nasty stomach bug.
 We received excellent care.
 Everyone was kind, informative, empathic and efficient.
 Our daughter felt better quickly and so did we.
 Thanks to the staff for such warm and diligent, professional care.
Signature care is a great facility.
 The staff is really friendly.
 Will definitely be coming back here.
Had an amazing experience.
 From the front desk checkin with Marcy to great doctor and nurses.
 I was very well taken care of.
Best staff and facility to be seen at.
 Front desk offered directions and was very helpful.
 I was feeling horrible with pain and a stomach bug but within minutes they had me back to normal.
 Usually when offered a warm blanket at other places it's not but the one that they offered was very warm.
Honestly the best ER I've been to.
 I cut myself on a mandolin and was in a lot of pain and bleeding fast.
 The cut was relatively big and the skin cane all the way off so there was no way to stitch it back on.
 They were very patient and friendly and kept me informed throughout the visit.
 Garcia and the rest of the team were very reassuring and positive.
 I hate going to the doctor for anything.
 If I am ever in need for urgent care in the Houston area I will definitely be returning to them.
 they gave me a bag full of merchandise like some koozies and a teddy bear as well as bandages to use for my thumb.
Awesome care from these amazing doctors.
 My 4 year old was extremely sick and they were so amazing with him.
 I will definitely be going back for my next emergency.
Needed to see a doctor and run some blood work immediately and thank goodness I came here.
 No wait at all and I was immediately seen.
 Results for blood work & scans were also in 30 mins.
 Doesn't get better than that.
I could not have had a better experience with this hospital.
 The lady at the front desk, Tory, was extremely helpful in answering all of my questions and offered me a warm blanket and snacks/beverages.
 She was so sweet and even spoke to be about ways I could obtain health insurance for the future.
 There was no  wait at all.
 After signing in, I was immediately brought into the back where a handsome nurse came and spoke to me.
 He was very kind and professional.
 The doctor was in shortly after and gave me a thorough exam before prescribing me enough meds needed until I could get into my doctor on Monday.
 When leaving, I found my husband in an immaculately clean waiting room where he was playing an arcade machine and drinking fresh coffee.
 There was a mini fridge loaded with an assortment of beverages and a basket filled with snacks for the family to help themselves to while waiting.
 I'd also like to add that I do not have insurance and the price of my visit was the same as if I were to go to my regular doctor.
I HIGHLY recommend anyone seeking immediate medical attention go to this place to be treated.
Extremely friendly staff.
Very caring and made you feel comfortable.
Clean facility.
Dr Torre was amazing and Mercy at the front desk was awesome.
Thank God for this emergency care center - it saved me hours from sitting in a hospital emergency room, they had incredible, professional, knowledgeable staff and it is a one stop shop (had an onsite lab, cat scan machine, IV's, etc.
I highly recommend this to anyone who need medical attention.
What a terrific experience.
  It was super clean and very modern.
  Very professional and great snacks.
  I don't know that I'll ever go to a hospital again.
Happy to take care of my wife's complaint tonight, in and out, complete and thorough.
  Thanks to Rene at the welcoming front desk, for the comfortable room and respectful treatment.
what a positive experience for someone who's never been to an ER or hospital.
  I trusted this group from the time I walked in the door.
  Definitely recommend.
Overall great experience.
 No wait time and all staff was extremely polite and welcoming.
 Would definitely recommend this center to a friend.
I took my husband to SignatureCare Montrose while he was having a severe bout of billiary colic which he has had in the past.
 During these attacks my husband feels intense abdominal pain and vomits profusely.
 When we were there on the first of February, the staff worked quickly to relieve his pain and performed an ultrasound diagnosing gallstones.
 He had another attack on the third of February so we went back to SignatureCare.
 Torre was appalling.
 He came in and told my husband he had billiary colic because of what he had eaten that day.
 I watched my husband writhe in severe pain and vomit just as all of his other attacks had gone.
 He was not given pain or sufficient nausea treatment to make him comfortable.
 He was left writhing in pain with no additional ultrasound even though this was his second attack in three days.
 I complained to the nurse and the doctor returned to berate my husband further for not following an ultra-low-fat diet.
 My husband received one shot of phenergan which was insufficient to relieve his pain or nausea.
 We were pushed out the door and we returned home where my husband withstood the pain for a few more hours.
 My husband still does not feel good but is dealing with the pain until he can have his gallbladder surgically removed.
 We cannot, will not go back to this clinic to be berated again while no medical steps are taken to ascertain whether his gallbladder is inflamed and needs to come out immediately.
My first time to ever visit one if these kinds of urgent care facilities.
I was impressed with the very friendly, efficient and professional staff as well as with the cleanliness of the facility.
The professionalism of Dr Kotey, nurse Delena Marie Carlson, and receptionist Alyssa Penunuri was exceptional.
I highly recommend to anyone that finds themselves in need of fast minor medical care.
First off the waiting room and treatment areas super clean and very pretty.
 The welcome center was very helpful in asking what you needed treated.
 I went before work on Monday morning and I was taken before I even got my paperwork finished.
 Everyone was very friendly.
 They checked me over and then took me to get X-rays.
 X-rays took around 20 minutes and I was diagnosed.
 Loved the speed of service, doctors, nurses, and cleanliness
Went to this emergency center today due to numbness in legs and pain in my right side ovary.
 The process from check-in until release was so flawless.
 I have never been to a medical facility where so many of the medical staff were so friendly and attentive.
 They were all wonderful, Particularly Dr  Adam Boester, whose calm demeanor tremendously eased my panic mode.
 Boester thoroughly and patiently addressed each one of my concerns.
 Although it wasn't something serious, I thought it was and I'm glad I had somewhere to go to get all of the right tests to ease my mind.
 Thank you to all the kind staff and to Dr Boester who went above and beyond to make sure I was comfortable, but most of all took the time to listen to me, which is what every doctor should aim to do more of, with regard to their patient.
 I'm so glad I decided to go to this emergency room.
 I had the most compassionate and thorough diagnosis and treatment than I have ever had at any doctors office.
 Souman and the entire staff helped me immediately.
 I woke up and could not open my eyes due to severe eye pain.
 I think the doctors are affiliated with Memorial Herman, at least that was on their hospital clothes so my husband told me.
 Excellent service and care.
Our 5 year old hurt her neck so we came to SignatureCare emergency center Montrose.
 They got us in a room and made our daughter, Kennedy feel safe and assured her not to be scared and that everything was going to be ok.
 They helped calm her down, which made the whole process of exams and xrays/ct's that much easier.
 As parents, they were very precise, detailed, professional, and very kind.
 They covered all the details very well and answered our questions thoroughly.
 I was very impressed by each staff member and left knowing if our family ever needed ER care, we would return here.
Caring ,fast and efficient .
 From the front desk to the doctor and nurse everyone was helpful , nice and friendly .
I think the public needs to know about your staff shift change procedure as it does and does not fully accommodate the patient.
 I have experienced this first hand from seeing my spouse become de humanized.
 She Asked for help two different times before some one came to her aid for a bed pan.
 Two doctors tried to come visit while the shift change was happeningI refused one.
 Eventually he came back as apart of the transplant team and removed the bed pan and sat it on the floor.
 Then a second doctor came in to say she was apart of the same team and explained no food or drink because of an upcoming procedure.
 We explained we needed a nurse, she replied ok and departed the room seeing the feces laying on the floor, with the common spread of germs you would think some one would have come to our aid.
 It took some 45 minutes for some one to come to our assistance.
 It was only after breaking up horse play at the door which I thought was a knock.
 I find the nurse and her assistant in a jovial horse play back and forth and after a mild scold I asked is this how the hospital treats there patients?
 I immediately asked to speak to the charge nurse and after waiting another fifteen minutes I did.
 This was so hard to see after a major transplant to see this type of care.
 I hope that no one will ever have to experience this type of treatment.
 I think this team at worse should be removed from patient care.
 I have the video to prove my point.
 Have always been going here for my medical needs and will continue to go here.
So far my care has been excellent.
So far I am extremely happy the way the knee replacement surgery went.
 My Doctor, Doctor Edelstein seems to be very competent.
 Looks like I'll only be in the hospital for a bit over 24 hours.
I have to make a appointments for physical therapy starting tomorrow.
I don't remember the name of the physical therapist that saw me yesterday but he was extremely knowledgeable.
 Had me up and walking about an hour after I got out of the recovery room.
They entire organization seems to be very patient centric.
Have yet to meet anyone that has not been caring.
Also want to offer my sincere appreciation to Joel Samoro, my physical therapist.
 A patient and caring young man who really did everything he could to get me back on my feet.
Fast forward to November 2019 and the nurses were great- just the  level of care changed.
There was so much confusion between doctors and staff it was unreal.
 I was told how much I owed, which was not a small sum, and asked if I wanted to take care of that now.
 I ask you, do you have heaps of money at your disposal?
 The average person does not.
 Everyone involved was super.
 The two procedures I had prior to the actual surgery were not pleasant and hurt like no tomorrow, but that is what they are and cannot be helped.
 Waking up after surgery was fine.
 Everyone was very professional and helpful.
 I was in good hands.
SuggestionsIt is all that pre stuff that really needs to be scrutinized.
 I feel confident that I am not the only person that has had this sort of experience.
 10 Halley puppies shakes their heads and point their paws at the front office.
My cardiologist sent me here for a chest x-ray.
 They told me my insurance would cover the x-ray, so I had the procedure done.
 A month later I received a bill for almost $400, which was due in less than 2 weeks.
 I talked to two people and both were very unapologetic and insisted I had to pay the bill.
 I told them they already approved through my insurance and thus, I had the x-ray done.
 If I had known it would be this amount I would have skipped this part.
 It was the one test that wasn't necessary from my cardiologist.
 How can you in good conscience tell someone their insurance is going to cover a procedure and then turn around and bill them for almost $400 AFTER the fact because their insurance didn't cover it?
 Horrible business practice.
 I've dealt with ERs and doctors all of my 48 years and never had this happen.
 Methodist is sooooooo much better.
 At least I know what I'm dealing with upfront instead of this shady business practice.
Don't go to the ER at night.
 The night time staff is rude and unprofessional.
 Next stop Methodist.
Took wife to er for breathing issues.
 This hospital has horrible service.
 I understand triage but we sat patiently for 4-5 hrs and were met with attitudes when we tried to ask where were we in the line they ignored us passed us along to others or acted indignant.
 Need nurses and drs and the waiting room was full of paying patients.
 They get you checked in quickly but no service afterwards.
 This is highly rated hospital but the emergency room is in need of emergency.
 Gloomy, looks like a place out of a horror movie.
The ambulances you  drop off and pick up in this underground area that is so filled with fumes it might contribute to your illness.
Try to get a lactose pill and you will be chastised like you were a dope fiend looking to score some heroin.
The was a hospitalist who was good.
 She just happened to be the one I needed to talk to so why she stood there like she didn't hear me asking for the nurse I'll never know.
 Eventually a doctor came in and he and the nurse both ignored me when I tried to revision that the blood pressure readings they had weren't the current ones.
 Now this professional nurse kept asking me if my mom's arms seemed swollen.
 Call me crazy but shouldn't a professional in the healthcare industry know if their patient has any swelling?
 Had they been changing IVs like they're supposed to maybe my mom's pressure wouldn't have gone so high.
 The nurse said it's supposed to be done every two days.
 The information on the monitor she had with her dig it was changed for days ago.
 She kept that to herself but as amazing as it must seem, I can read.
 I could look at them and tell they should have been changed much sooner and I don't work in a hospital She said they check blood pressure every 8 hours so what would have happened has I not said something to them?
 7 more hours of her blood pressure going up and nobody checking or caring?
 I fully expected to receive a call but nothing so I gave them an additional week, still no call.
 I call myself and was directed to Medical Records.
 I have to request in writing to get results and pay for it on top of that.
 After reviewing the lab results that were available online as of right now, there is an obvious issue and if they would have contacted the previous hospitals that I had been to over the past few months they would have seen that there is something NOT right.
 But they were so focused on it being neurological or something to do with my heart they completely ignored other signs.
 They did NOT listen to me at all and treated me as if I was completely stupid.
 I know my body, there is something wrong and if they would have taken the time to get the records from the previous ER visits as well as records from my family doctor then maybe they would have seen that what is wrong with me has obviously NOTHING to do with neurological or heart but rather it is a symptom of what is really wrong.
 I have excellent insurance was in extreme pain, of a gallbladder problem.
 I was disgusted to see over 7 black men and women using the N word extremely loud threatening about how slow the service was, how they need their pain meds, they all were a bunch of junkies looking for drugs.
 Finally Mitch had to get one lady and I use that term loosely to stop acting crazy, she was begging the doctors for bus money and when one doctor had enough, the doctor gave her $1.
  They have start screening the scum bags from the people that are really sick.
 I sat and watched the junkie get treatment over a 91 year old man that was waiting as long as me.
  The doctors, nurses and technicians are fantastic, especially the ladies that draw blood.
 But get rid of the scumbags and druggies looking for a free meal and handout.
  Have separate quarters for people that work hard and have insurance to the others that are clearly very clearly worthless thugs.
 It was so dangerous the way those blacks were talking about shooting and getting high they need more than one police officer at the front.
  Great doctors, nurses and staff, it's a shame they have to deal with the filth.
I know it's unusual to write reviews for hospitals, and hopefully, you won't need to come here for the same reason I did.
  We have yet to be disappointed and they treat him like a human being rather than a number or a body to experiment on.
  Thus far, we have been exceptionally satisfied with the professionalism and the bedside manner of all the doctors that have been working to save his life.
  I can think of no other place in the world, or any other hospital, that he would be safe in, and I'm happy to recommend this hospital to anyone needing a family member taken care of.
First time leaving a review comment on a facility and it was just so bad.
the experience i had at this place and the ongoing experience hopefully will tell you not to go in to this place for any medical urgency care:On 8/30, i have had a dull pain on my right rib/liver/galbladder area for about three days.
Basically telling me i cannot get any help from anyone but to suffer my pain and good luck.
I don't care if you are not helping me but you didn't need to use a bad attitude towards a patient who's coming to seek your help.
 As a professional facility, the doctor was not professional at all.
Then i had to travel and now im back, finally scheduled my ultra sound using his order, and the ultra sound office said the result will be the next morning and the doctor should be able to review.
 Overall, the experience is bad and not helpful and now i have to re-book doctors' appointment and start from square one.
